About Privacy Policy:
Privacy Policy
IUX MARKETS Terms and Conditions
IUX MARKETS agreement should be read carefully from the customers of the company. Because it determines the conditions of operating both related and unrelated to trading, including relations in general between customers and company by providing information on how to register on the website or in an app available on mobile devices and create a Personal. On the company website, the client has confirmed and confirmed that they are familiar with all the provisionsFi of the agreement. And the terms of service.

IUX MARKETS understand the meaning of the album plays an important role against it and unconditionally accept the agreement. Company policies and documents referenced in this document, rules and regulations for the use and protection of customer personal information will be governed by the company’s privacy policy.

Customer agreement
1. Contract
1.1 This contract is made under the conditions of the company’s service, the company must do the following for the company’s customers, operate in the financial market for customers, financial transaction fees for customers for the whole company and The client is required to conduct financial transactions as specified in this contract.

1.1.1 In the event that the client is an adult under the law, the client has the right to allow the company to perform transactions with the client’s trading account.
1.1.2 transactions with the customer’s trading account will be subject to the terms of this agreement.
1.1.3 In the event that there is a change or correction of personal information or expired identity documents, the customer must notify the company within 3 business days for the said change or expiration. Notifications must be sent by email. with first and last names of customers, account numbers, phone numbers and passport or annual leave each with a valid proof of the customer and the recent housing. The notification must be a name, scan and send to support@iuxmarkets.com From the email that the client sent during their account registration, the company has the right to request other confirmation documents to confirm the client and comply with the regulations relevant to your client. Delay or failure to comply with this clause will be a violation of this agreement by the customer and may lead to customer account closure.
1.2 The statement of client

1.2.1 The customer acknowledges and certifies that he has a right to enter into this agreement in order to comply with the terms and conditions specified in this document and shall not be restricted or prohibited to enter into a contract or anything else to enter into or perform under this agreement and the execution and the operating Company in accordance with this agreement will not infringe or violate any other agreement between the Company and the other parties any more.
1.2.2 expressly understand and agree that the company will use it to monitor the activities of their customers and ensure the consistency of behavior and activities Purchase of customers on TH Infantry platform of the company.
1.2.3 The customer agrees that he understands and agrees with all the terms and conditions of this agreement.
2. Company service
2.1 The definition of the term “company services” means services or equipment related to any investment that the company allows customers to perform as follows:

2.1.1 Acknowledging information or contacting companies or third parties authorized by the company
2.1.2 Transactions and money market funds through the program Metatrader 4 of the company to access company information via the customer’s computer and on the Internet.
2.2 Accept the conditions in this contract that clients have read and acknowledge that if wanting to trade or invest, they will do so via the company’s program only.

2.3 The company’s services consist of the Metatrader 5 software packages, the analysis of technical averages and third party services offered with the company’s services.

2.4 Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Company can continue to modify or add at the full title of the companies involved in this contract without prior notice, the Company has the right to change or modify the terms. Within the future contract

2.5 The company must send the client’s orders to the market but cannot manage or issue opinions on behalf of the customers.

2.6 The company can not continue to follow this, have (in addition to the conditions prescribed under this Agreement).

2.6.1 monitoring and reporting on the status of the customer’s making orders. 2.6.2 Black Hills, cancellation or off making orders of customers.
2.6.2 Trying to change quotes within Metatrader 5.
2.7 In the case of customer trading needs and making sure of each and bringing in investment from the company, the company has the right to give advice on investment, but the company is not responsible for any consequences that will follow or occur. Per customer purchase order The company has the right to cancel or close the customer’s order in the event that the company considers that the order is abnormal to cause danger to both the client and the company.

2.8 The company proceeds to pay tax legally Both the company and the customer side must pay tax under their own country laws.

2.9 The company reserves the right to require customers to withdraw money from the account in the event that the company detects inappropriate or fraudulent actions

2.10 The gain or loss will be calculated as the customer account of pouring water once the orders of the customers have been closed down by order of the customer.

3. Purchase orders
3.1 Customer purchase order

3.1.1 The system displays the order following the trades of its customers.
3.1.2 “Market execution” means the system is executing orders to place the futures and CFDs.
3.1.3 “Market exection” means the system is processing trading orders to the CFDs market.
3.1.4 To order any of our customers through the Metatrader4 may each be carried out according to the following steps to confirm the customer trade orders through the system electrolytes Knicks orders. customers in the system will be sent to the Seville City Square driver (s, Ever) company, who have received orders to customers and confirm orders using the internet connection of the two parties must have a stability unit. the H In the event that the order is correct, it will be recorded in the queue. In this case, there will be a message in the customer’s order box that says “Please wait the order is being processed through the server while the system was implemented in f will display the status of orders as part of “ the c the l Ident a terminal a Terminal clients receive the results of the execution of orders by customers who have Internet access connections. The collection of both parties must be stabilized Perfect Voice enough.
3.1.5 Customers can cancel their orders delivered to them while the system is indicating that the “ Order 5 Accepted ” customers will have to press the button that says” Cancel button *Order if the client machine with a stop command. The company did not apply for any other subsequent orders because of such an action under the system of metatrader5.
3.1.6 The customer is unable to cancel the requested order while the system is reporting the status Order is in process.
3.1.7 The timing of the order to the customer’s system is based on the stability of the Internet store on the client side and the server’s power companies also include the state of the market. At that time, during normal intervals, client’s orders will take less than 1 to 5 seconds to submit an order, but during normal market hours, client’s orders may take longer. D To be part of the system.
3.1.8 In the event that the current price of a financial instrument changes while the company is performing in accordance with the client’s purchase request, the company reserves the right to use the new price ( Bid / Ask ). In such case, the client’s request Will be processed at the new price
3.1.9 The customer’s order may be canceled in the following cases:
A. In the event that the client submits an order before the market opening period

B. in the event that the market is in an abnormal, fluctuating condition

C. In the event that the client does not have sufficient margin for trading, the system will display “ No quote” or “ Not enough money” on the client’s screen.

D. The company has the right to not allow clients to use the Expert Advisor or EA in the event that the program allows the client to place more than 30 consecutive trading orders within one minute.

E. Due to the limitation of the maximum order quantity and / or the maximum limit of opening orders and pending orders, in order to not exceed each type of account

3.1.10 Clients can proceed to place trading orders via telephone or via live chat.
3.1.11 In the event that someone else uses your account, a customer from the same IP address, the company will consider that any action taken from that account is that person as a customer, and the company is not responsible for any results. That will follow
3.1.12 Any trading orders executed during the closing time of the market will be canceled.
A. Orders processed during the market closing hours will be canceled.

B. Sales orders executed during the closing time of the market will be canceled.

3.1.13 The company does not allow clients to use arbitrage trading methods. When trading with IUX MARKETS brokers, the company reserves the right to cancel all arbitrage orders in the event that the company detects any account that uses such trading methods and profits arising from arbitrage are considered invalid. *Arbitrage is the purchase and sale of an asset in order to profit from a difference in the asset’s price between markets.
3.1.14 The company reserves the right to cancel the customer’s purchase orders executed in addition to those specified in this contract.
3.1.15 The Company has the right not to be liable for the execution of trading orders in the event that the Client is heavily leveraged. too much due to sending orders to a liquidity provider or LP ( Liquidity Provider ) , the liquidity provider will Consider accepting such orders or not accepting. However, the sending of orders may be able to be processed, but the company will not be responsible for Damage incurred if liquidity service providers do not accept such orders, however, users should take into account the appropriateness of Using Leverage in Trading.
3.1.16 The Company does not allow clients to use “Hedging Bonus” trading method on Standard+ account to trade with IUX MARKETS broker. where the company detects any account that uses such trading methods and the profit generated by “hedging” both MT4 and MT5 that is taking advantage of the bonus, e.g. using a 3rd party to receive the bonus or detecting the IP at Linked or related to each other in the application will be considered void.
3.1.17 For the MT5 platform, there are no trading conditions. All types of trading can be performed except for Standard+ accounts only. Do not trade “Hedging Bonus” in trading according to section 3.1.16.
3.2 Trading operations or investments

3.2.1 orders (in Buy Order) will be launched at the price of Ask (Ask price) , sales orders (Best buy Order) will be launched at a price Bid (Bid price).
3.2.2 Buy orders will be closed at the Bid price. Sell orders will be closed at the Ask price.
3.2.3 Position Rollover to Swap by adding / deducting open orders will be carried out from 23: 59: 00 to 00: 10: 00 by the time our trading platform, the Swap will be increased / decreased with. All orders opened during the period from 23: 59: 00 to 00: 00: 00 according to the trading hours on the platform.
3.2.4 In the case of trading CFDs with a limited trading period (With an expiration date). All orders executed in the same contract will be closed after the latest quotation.
3.2.5 general market conditions in Deal Lake North to keep the lines Ph.D. within the limits specified in the contract.
3.2.6 The spread of the order may be changed due to the following reasons: Due to abnormal conditions in the market that the company did not notify customers in advance The announcement of the change of rules or regulations of the company, the company will notice on the website by the company. Due to force major that has not been given advance notice due to the fact that the market does not have much volume which has been specified in the contract
3.2.7 Spread values can be extended in situations where the market has economic, political or other news that affects or during the time when the price gap (Gap) during the market opening period. (Monday morning) or at a time when market liquidity is the Low (the Low Market Apps liquidity)
3.2.8 engine with the specification of the fixed or commission fixed the Company reserves the right to increase the value of the water in case the specification upon a contract basis, rather than the specification grade fixed.
3.3 Open orders (the Open An Order)

3.3.1 What is required in order to enable all the features.
– Specify the name of the CFDs pair

– Specify the volume of the trade

– Specify the type of order

3.3.2 Open the order means the customer will buy or sell at a certain position without the help of investment (An Expert Advisor, or EA) to enable customers to order it. Must press the button to choose between Buy or Sell.
3.3.3 Open orders using the help of investment (An Expert Advisor, or EA) to be conducted at the location of the current price.
3.3.4 The process of opening orders.
A. Immediate payment orders to the server ‘s power system will check automatically whether a customer’s account with the margin (margin-) enough in stock or if a customer’s margin is adequate to turn words. If the order is not enough, the system will not open the order for the client and there will be insufficient margin messages displayed on the customer’s computer screen.

B. The on-screen messages indicating the status of the order being opened or unsuccessful may be different in the event that the client submits an order for another type of investment.

C. A message indicating the successful trading status of the purchase order is in the ” log-file” section.

D. In case of open orders at a time when the market is open, the system will not carry open orders to the customer along with the message on the screen of the customer that “ Available No Quote / trading’s Is Forbidden. ” In. In the event that the broker makes a mistake by opening an order for a client, the company has the right to cancel the order and the company must notify the client of the cancellation.

3.4 Closure orders (in Close An Order)

3.4.1 Closing an order means that the client is satisfied with the price at a particular position without using an investment assistant program ( Expert Advisor or EA ). To close the order, the customer must press the button “Close” to close the transaction.
3.4.2 Closing trading orders using the investment program ( Expert Advisor or EA ) must be conducted at the position of the current price.
3.4.3 Clients can set up “ Stop Loss ” or “ Take Profit ” when closing orders. 3.4.4 Procedures for closing orders
A. The program will have a “Close by” order appearing in the “Type” box. When the customer chooses the order in the order that the client wants to close, the client will find a button that says “ Close # by # .. ” When the customer presses the button, the system will close the customer’s order automatically.

B. In the event that the customer opens more than 2 orders, the program will have the “ Multiple Close By ” order appear in the “ Type ” box. After the customer presses the select button, the system will display a list of The order comes up with a button that says “ Multiple Close By for … Click. When the customer presses the button, the system will automatically close all the customer’s orders “ Close by ”and” Multiple orders. Close By “ will Not available for your account type floating spread ”.

C. In the event that the client closes the order during the period that the market is not open, the system will not close the order for the client and display the message on the client’s screen “ No price “ in case the broker makes a mistake. Miss the closing order for customers. The company must notify customers of such errors.

D. The on-screen message indicating the status of the order being opened or unsuccessful may be different in the event that the client submits the order in another type of investment.

3.5 In case of forced closing of trade orders

3.5.1 In the event that the margin of the client’s trading account drops below 40%, the system will be notified that the “ margin call “ company is not responsible for losing the client’s money from closing the word. Automatic purchase of system
3.5.2 The company will close the customer’s trading order immediately without notice if the customer’s margin is less than 20%.
3.5.3 The total amount of clients’ funds after being put into the trading system is called the Balance, which is controlled by the server. The operations in 3.5.2 The agreement is for the server ‘s power will be taken when Kumar margins of traders reduced the number of such systems off orders of customers, a message indicating the status of the forced closing words. Purchase order is in the ” Log-file ” section as ” Stop out “.
3.5.4 will be carried out on the 3.5.2 of this Agreement will be forced to close orders with a cool interface ( Lot ) the first.
3.5.5 After the system is forced to close trading statement and Balance of customers, the company will pay compensation to a negative Balance of customers return to zero, except in certain cases where companies monitor the actions of its customers and found that it deliberately. The company reserves the right to return the said amount from the account owner.
3.5.6 The company reserves the right to reduce the balance of 1 client’s account in case of checking how much money has been received by the client. The 2 trading accounts are executed simultaneously and in paired or other investment in the same based region and done at a similar time and price
3.5.7 In the event that a fixed balance occurs in the client’s account, it means that the amount of the compensation from the company will be deducted from the sum of the rebate commission that will be paid each day.
3.6 Leverage, the Change

3.6.1 The company’s clients are able to request to change the account’s leverage within 24 hours. The client cannot change the leverage if the client’s account is open for trading in the market.
3.6.2 The company has the right to change the leverage in the client’s account without prior notice. The change in the leverage of the client’s account will be in accordance with the scope of the change in the leverage value in the table item.
3.6.3 The company has the right to process open orders of customers in accordance with the rules specified in Article 3.6.2, which will be in accordance with the scope of the table. Change Leverage as follows for Standard+ account.
Leverage - Equity
1:3000 - $0-2,000
1:2000 - $2,001-5,000
1:1000 - $5,001-20,000
1:500 - $20,001-50,000
1:200 - $50,001-80,000
1:100 - $80,001-100,000
1:20 - $100,001+
3.6.5 For the leverage of all 4 account types, Standard , Standard+, Pro and Raw account to be used in trading cryptocurrency. The company requires a maximum leverage of 1:1000 for trading.
Case 1: Open a trading account and choose Leverage greater than 1:1000, you will be able to use leverage for trading. Cryptocurrency is 1:1000. For trading other commodities, leverage of your choice is applied.

Case 2: Open a trading account and select Leverage less than 1:500, you will be able to use leverage for trading. cryptocurrency and other types of goods equal to the leverage of your choice

3.6.6 The company reserves the right to reduce the leverage value of the client’s account early Monday morning to reduce the risk to the account in the case that the customer opened an order from the previous week. During periods of volatility or news that influences price volatility, especially in high-frequency trading, the liquidity provider will automatically decrease the leverage with a predetermined value of 1:300 for all accounts except Cent account for leverage 1:30 without prior notification. However, once volatility has decreased, the leverage will revert to normal or the default setting.
3.7 REMOVING INACTIVE TRADING ACCOUNTS Because IUX MARKETS can allow you to open up to 6 additional trading accounts of different types of accounts, sometimes inactive accounts add up significantly more resources. The IT department needs to clear the account that is not active or has no balance in it, either Credit or Balance, which only happens 1-2 months at a time. This does not affect your capital or deposits including profit and loss. We recommend that you open a new account. and start trading If trading again.

4. Explanation of trading order definition

4.1 All types of orders in the IUX MARKETS trading program

A ) The ” Buy Stop ” order is an order used to open an order while the price has not moved up to a satisfactory price.
B ) ” Sell Stop ” is an order used to open a sell order while the price has not moved down to a satisfactory price.
C ) ” Buy Limit ” Expected to open a position with a price lower than the current price at the time of purchase.
D ) The ” Sell Limit ” order is an order used to open a sell order while the price moves beyond the price satisfied by the trader expecting that the price will return to open the selling order for himself.
E ) ” Stop Loss Order ” is an order used to set the price at which traders will stop loss of open orders.
F ) An ” Take Profit ” order is an order used to set prices for which traders will be satisfied with the profit of open orders.
4.2 Setting the duration of the order

4.2.1 Setting, editing or changing the value of a purchase order by the client can be done while the market is still open. The company has already specified the operating hours of each market.
4.2.2 In the event that the market goes wrong, the order, including all settings, may be closed entirely depending on the severity of the event.
4.2.3 All Pending Orders have GTS, which stands for ” Good Till Canceled ” which allows customers to set the duration of their Pending Orders . This setting is in the ” date and time “, customers can set up in the ” Expiry ” field.
4.3 Trading order setting rules

4.3.1 In the event that the client wants to open an order using the Pending Orders, the client must specify these values as follows:
A ) Name of CFDs pair or market to be invested

B ) Volume to be used for investment ( Volume )

C ) Type of order value ( Buy Stop, Buy Limit, Sell Stop, Sell Limit)

D ) The number of the price that is satisfied by the customer will open the purchase order.

4.3.2 In addition to the settings in the above, the customer can choose whether or not the system will automatically set ” Stop Loss ” or ” Take Profit ” as follows:
A ) Setting Stop Loss of Pending Order means that the system will not automatically set Stop Loss if the price fails to reach that price where 0. 0000 specified in the program is the setting of such action.

B ) Pending order Take Profit setting means that the system will not automatically set Take Profit if the price fails to reach that price where the 0.000 value specified in the program is the setting of such action.

C ) The date and time of the pending order setting.

4.3.3 Customers may not be able to set Pending Orders if the following occurs.
A ) If the customer incorrectly or incorrectly indicates the number

B ) In the event that the client sets the Stop Loss or Take Profit settings without using the Expert Advisor incorrectly, the system will display the message ” Invalid S / L or T / P ” on the client’s computer screen.

4.3.4 When the Client sends a Stop Loss or Take Profit pricing order in order to open the order, the customer must specify these values as follows:
A ) Ticker of opening an order placed in the position of a satisfied customer.

B ) 0.0000 of setting a Stop Loss means customers may cancel or not the position of the stop.

C ) 0.0000 of Take Profit settings means the client canceled or did not set a Take Profit position.

4.3.4.1 The Client may not place Pending Orders of any type too close to the position of the current price. The minimum distance between the current price and the Pending Orders is indicated on the Company’s website.

4.3.4.2 If orders are executed in abnormal market conditions, Stops levels may increase.

4.3.5 Customers can set Pending Orders of any kind near the location of the current excess minimum distance between the current price and Pending Orders are listed on the website by the company.
4.3.5.1 If orders are executed in abnormal market conditions, Stops levels may increase.

4.3.6 The client cannot close the Stop Loss / Take Profit setting. If the price is too close to the Stop Loss / Take Profit price , the system will display the message Modification disabled. ” The order is too close to the market ” or ” No Quote ” on the customer’s computer screen
4.3.7 The client is unable to edit the price of the Pending Orders. If the price is too close to the Stop Loss / Take Profit price , the system will display the message ” Invalid S / L or T / P or No Quote on the computer screen “. Customer’s
4.3.8 The message indicating the status of the pre-order completion will be in the “log file” section.
4.3.9 Every pending order receives a ticker
4.3.10 The client cannot set the pending orders during the time the market is closed, the system will not allow the client to do so and will display the message ” No Price / Trading is forbidden on the screen “. Customer computer
4.4 Setting and deleting orders

4.4.1 The customer must fill in the details of the pending orders that he/she wants to set up correctly, complete as follows:
A ) Ticker

B ) Position at the desired price to set Pending orders

C ) 0.0000 of setting a Stop Loss means customers cancel or not the position of the Stop Loss if customers fill incorrectly defined system server’s power to revoke the order of the customer and. Customers will not be able to click the ” Modify ” button to make any changes.

4.4.2 The client must fill in the complete details of the Stop Loss / Take Profit set-ting that he / she wants to set up correctly, as follows:
A ) Price position at which the order is open

B ) 0. 0000 of setting a Stop Loss means customers may cancel or not the position of the Stop Loss.

C ) 0.0000 of Take Profit settings means the client canceled or did not set a Take Profit position.

4.4.3 The client can cancel the Pending Orders setting by canceling the settings of that order.
4.4.4 Status of implementation of the abolition of the Pending Ordsets extensive in terms of ” the Log file ” when such status appears in ” the Log-File ” means to cancel the Pending orders are already underway.
4.4.5 In the event that the client proceeds to cancel the pending orders during the period when the market is not open or the broker makes a mistake in the order of the client, all pending orders of the order are It is possible that the system will be canceled. The client will receive a notification message which is specified in the Trading Terminal.
4.5 Opening Execution

4.5.1 The system will open a customer’s order when the following conditions are met:
A ) Opening a sell order from Sell Stop – When the Bid price moves to the same position or past the position of the price specified by the customer in advance, the system will automatically open the selling order.

B ) The release order from Buy Stop – price Ask motion to the same location or at the eye position at the prices that customers schedule a pre-order the system will automatically open orders.

C ) Opening a sell order from Sell Limit – When the Bid price moves to the same position or past the position of the price specified by the customer in advance, the system will automatically open the selling order.

D ) Opening orders from Buy Limit – When the Ask price moves to the same position or past the position of the price specified by the customer in advance, the system will automatically open the order.

E ) Take Profit Order Processing – For order openers , when the Bid price moves to the same position or past the take profit position specified by the client, the system will automatically close the order.

F ) Stop Loss Order Execution – for the order opener. When the Bid price moves to the same position or past the stop loss position specified by the customer, the system will automatically close the order.

G ) Take Profit – Order Execution for Sellers when the Ask price moves to the same position or past the position of the value The system will bring the closure of wa-ter sales orders automatically.

H ) Stop Loss Order Processing – Accepting Sellers when the Ask price moves to the same position or past the Stop Loss position specified by the customer, the system will automatically close the sell order.

4.5.2 In the event that a client’s order or pending orders are in the gap of the price gap (Gap), those orders will be processed according to the rules below.
A. If the order is opened at the time of the price gap, the Take Profit order will be canceled. In the event that the customer places the Take Profit order between the gap (Gap), the system will display a message stating that ” TP canceled gap ” notifying customers

B. The system is operated Paralympic Order by the Take Profit automatically if the gap between the prices at which the orders Take Profit.

C. The system will automatically close the order from the Stop Loss order. If there is a gap between the price at the location of the Stop Loss order, the system will say ” SL gap “.

D. The system will automatically open a purchase order from a Buy Stop and Sell Stop order. If there is a gap between the price at the location of the Buy Stop and Sell Stop orders, the system will say “ started / gap”.

E. The system will automatically open a purchase order from the Buy Limit and Sell Limit orders . If there is a gap between the price at the location of the Buy Limit and Sell Limit orders, the system will say “ started / gap “ If the price gap is small, in some cases the system may execute an order

4.5.3
A. In normal market conditions, the order will be processed by the company atthe price specified in the order.

B. If an order is executed in an abnormal market condition, the order price may differ from the order specified. The customer may or may not like it.

4.5.4 In the event that the following conditions are met with the client’s account:
A. The margin is the ratio of Leverage in Reggio current location into account.

B. The volume of all trading positions 60% or more placed with one trading instrument and in the same direction (Sell or name)

C. All client orders are opened or set up within 24 hours before the market is closed. The company

D. has the right to set ” Take Profit for orders “. In the event that the market is closed, the company will subtract one for the Ask price ( for the sales order) and one for the Bid price ( for the order).

5. Deposit withdrawal of funds
5.1 Processing of funds deposited into the client’s trading account

5.1.1 Customers can deposit money into their accounts using the methods and payment systems available in the Personal Area.
5.1.2 In the event that the customer is unable to perform the automatic deposit transaction, the client’s deposit request will be processed within 2 days of the business day from the company’s financial department.
5.2 Processing of funds withdrawal from client’s trading account

5.2.1 Customer has the right to withdraw money through any payment system that appears in the payment system, which is in the Personal Area or ” Personal area of the customer “.
5.2.2 Although the customer has the right to conduct deposit transactions through any means, the customer’s transaction will be more convenient if the customer processes the deposit and withdraw transactions through the same method.
5.2.3 In the event of force majeure, the company has the right to stop, suspend, cancel all withdrawal transactions and will consider each case.
5.2.4 Withdrawal policy of withdrawal requests are processed within two working days from the date we receive the funds.
5.2.5 The company can consider information from customers about their source of income and funding sources in order to consider the legality of client deposits and withdrawals and to comply with relevant regulations.
5.2.6 If the customer processes at least one deposit or withdrawal transaction via debit or credit card, the client’s withdrawal transaction must be made using the same debit card or credit belonging to the original bank. Debit and credit cards that have been used to deposit or withdraw transactions at least once will not be able to process internal transfers.
5.2.7 If the customer making the transaction a deposit via debit or credit card transactions via cash, credit or debit card must have a copy of your debit or credit card in such a copy will be 6 numbers. First and last 4 characters on the card, including the cardholder’s name, holiday, card’s age, and the cardholder’s signature attached in the copy.
5.2.8 If you make a deposit into your account via debit or credit card, and the request is withdrawn within one year from the day that you bring the deposit will be credited back to the card. Access cards can withdraw up to 100% of the initial deposit paid leave amounts that exceed the initial deposit may be withdrawn fully or partially withdraw by bank transfer.
5.2.9 The company reserves the right to adjust the amount of financial operations in a merchant account and payment system of the client so as to see the realities and consistency of the client’s trading activities on the company’s platform.
5.2.10 In the event of inconsistent transactions, the company may cancel the financial operations that were not found in the payment record system or be canceled. ( Billing ) In this case, the company reserves the right to cancel any trading operations that have occurred with unverified funds and to restore payments related to these operations, such as commissions. Partners, automatic referral commissions, promotions and bonus lot etc.
Source account  - Destination account type  - Balance              - Credit        - Note
Standard        - Standard	                - Received	           - Received	   - Credit leave
                - Standard+	                - Received	           - Received	   -  "–"
                - Raw	                    - Received(min $500)   - Not Received  - Credit leave
                - Pro	                    - Received(min $500)   - Not Received  - Credit leave
Standard+       - Standard	                - Received	           - Not Received  – "-"
                - Standard+	                - Received	           - Received	   - "-"
                - Raw	                    - Received(min $500)   - Not Received  - Credit leave
                - Pro	                    - Received(min $500)   - Not Received  - Credit leave
Raw             - Raw	                    - Received	           - Not Received  - No Credit
                - Pro	                    - Received	           - Not Received  - No Credit
Pro             - Raw	                    - Received	           - Not Received  - No Credit
                - Pro	                    - Received	           - Not Received  - No Credit
5.3 Internal Transfer

5.3.1 Internal money transfer is not an automatic system.
5.3.2 Internal money transfers cannot be processed by a third party.
5.4 Financial Security

5.4.1 For financial security, the company has the right to request the client to provide information about the client himself in order to confirm the client’s identity in the application for opening a trading account. The company has the right to request information. Regarding additional customer identities, such as copies of passports or other relevant customer identification documents.
5.4.2 The company does not allow third parties to conduct financial transactions, both depositing and withdrawing money on behalf of customers themselves.
6. Commission and other costs
6.1 The client must pay the commission and other related expenses as specified in the contract. The company has specified the commission details on the main website of IUX MARKETS.

6.2 The company has the right to change the terms of the commission and other related expenses without prior notice. The company must notify the change of commission details on the main website of IUX MARKETS in the Company News section. ” And in the contract “

6.3 The company has no right to disclose the client’s trading results, commission or trading fees of clients specified in this agreement.

7. Communication between the Client and the Company
7.1 The company will use the following specified channels to communicate with customers.

A. Email within MetaTrader 4 from the company to the client
B. Channel chat in Personal Area customers.
C. Phone
D. Posting
E. Communicate the company announced on the website’s home.
F. The chat, the Company will contact the customer based on the customer data stated while stated while opening the application or data that clients move operations profile changes later.
7.2 Online chat service for customers, for the convenience, convenience, and needs of customers. In the event that the client’s answer is not immediately processed or takes time to process, the company will send Email to a report on making its customers later.

7.3 The client must receive a document confirming various reports related to the client from the company:

A. Within one hour after the customer sends the Email to the company
B. Immediately send an email within MetaTrader 5
C. Immediately after the telephone conversation.
D. Within 7 days after the announcement.
E. Within 1 hour after the message is posted on the main website
7.4 Investments or transactions of customers are considered confidential to the company. Access to personal information of customers must use a password in the Personal Area only. Customers must keep their logins and passwords. Customer’s confidentiality and best.

7.5 Conversations between customers and employees of the company via the customer’s telephone system are recorded every time. Such conversations are the property of the company for keeping as evidence for the safety of Transaction processing and customer investment

7.6 The privacy policy of IUX Markets is distinct and separate from the privacy policy of TradingView. When utilizing or analyzing data provided by TradingView Widgets, it is imperative that customers diligently review TradingView’s privacy policy on the TradingView website on a consistent basis. In the event of any loss or detriment incurred as a result of trading activities facilitated by the utilization of TradingView Widgets, it is expressly stipulated that IUX Markets shall bear no liability for such losses or damages, irrespective of the circumstances or causative factors involved.

8. The process of considering the client’s request or claim
8.1 The process of considering the client’s request or claim regarding the purchase order

8.1.1 When there is a problem with the service of the company, the customer has the right to submit a request to the company to hear the explanation of the said problem. The client’s request will be considered 2 days when the company opens. The 2day work period starts from the time the client submits the request to the company.
8.1.2 The client’s request must contain the information specified in Article.
8.1.3 In this contract, the customer can submit a request to the Quality Control and Inspection Department from the Customer Feedback on the main website. The company ” Claims and disputes for orders ” of the company. If the customer submits a complaint in other parts, the company will consider that it is not acknowledged or acknowledged.
8.1.4 The claim will be rejected and the client account may be terminated in the following cases:
A. The customer is unable to answer any questions and / or all requests for the company within 5 days from the date of receipt.

B. The company finds that customers use multiple devices while accessing the company’s platform and / or access the platform from multiple IPs that do not comply with general customer behavior and / or may suspect that their account has been compromised and / or used by Unauthorized third party.

C. The Company has reasonable grounds to believe that customers are willing to provide access to third party accounts

8.1.5 The customer must specify the following information in the customer’s request.
A. Real name and surname

B. Trading account number

C. The date and time of the event in the petition

D. Number of the order in question

E. Detailed description and information about the problem

8.1.6 The company has the right to cancel or not acknowledge all customer requests in the event that the customer requests do not comply with the rules of 8.1.2 and 8.1.6 of this contract.
8.2. Procedures for consideration of claims regarding service quality

8.2.1 Customers have the right to request a review of the quality of customer service can perform Feedback on the quality of service by visiting the Web site ‘s main sections “ Claims Disputes And For different orders” of the company. Petitions for customer service quality will be considered by the quality control supervisor.
8.2.2 The company will consider the request of the customer and respond to the complaint in the customer ‘s Personal Area within 10 days after receiving the request.
8.2.3 The customer must specify the following information in the customer’s request.
A. Real name and surname

B. Trading account number

C. The date and time of the event in claim fees

8.3 Sources of information for referrals to customer claims

8.3.1 Server ‘s Server Log-file is the best source of information that customers can use to file a complaint with the problems of customers, the company will consider information from the server’s cover the Log. First, before any other evidence of that event.
8.3.2 In the event of a complaint to the customer’s problem has not been recorded in the Server Log-file companies will consider be considered under the demands of customers from other evidence.
8.4 Compensation from companies

8.4.1 In the event that the company verifies the request and is true as the claim is made, the company is willing to pay compensation to the client by transferring compensation to the client’s trading account.
8.4.2 The company will not pay compensation to the customer if the investigation and found that the client’s request with the underlying evidence is not reasonable enough.
8.4.3 The company will not pay compensation for problems that are not related to financial damage to the customer.
8.4.4 In the case of Article 8.4.1 The company will transfer compensation to the client’s trading account within 1 week of the business day after the result of the consideration of the request appears.
8.5 Cancellation or rejection of customer requests

8.6 While the company is closing for any improvements or amendments to the request system, the company will consider that the request has not been acknowledged and will not do any action for the client to receive a notification. Inform about denial of requests from the system via email within the customer’s trading platform or other means specified in Article 7.1 of this Agreement.

8.6.1 The company will not accept requests related to the time it takes to place an order, even if the message appears on the log-file server.
8.6.2 Any request other than the company stipulated in this contract will be considered on a case – by case basis.
8.7 If a client places an order, closes or changes an order while the market is closed, the company reserves the right not to take any action on the client’s order.

9. Risks
Customer acknowledges and understands willing to take risks, which occur naturally and are willing to make the investment company’s management of the entire customer trading under the following conditions.

9.1. Risk from Leverage

9.1.1 Market changes may sometimes affect the leverage of the trading account where the client is opening the order in the event that the market is running in the opposite direction to the direction of the client’s order. can turn orders down until it comes margin of clients or customers will be able to deposit money into CFDs margin trading for own account.
9.1.2 Trading that should have come margins of at least 100% and trading at all times should be set Stop Loss to order every time.
9.2. Risk from fluctuations in the market

9.3. Sometimes, the market is highly volatile which has a great impact on the trading because during the volatile market, if you can make a profit, you will get a lot of profits, if you lose, you will also lose a lot.

9.4. Risks arising from technical factors

9.4.1 The client acknowledges , understands and is willing to accept the risk arising from the data communication, electrical equipment errors or problems arising from the client’s own side and may affect the trading of Customers can.
9.4.2 The client acknowledges , understands and is willing to accept the risks that may occur to the client’s ” Client Terminal ” which may occur due to the following reasons:
A. There is a problem with the customer’s computer equipment or the internet

B. Customer equipment that is related to trading cannot be used normally

C. Client Terminal Settings “ that is incorrect by the client “ .

D. The Client has not updated the Client’s “ Client Terminal “ to date.

E. The Client has not studied or understood how to use or install the Client Terminal, which has been described and specified.

9.5 Risk arising from abnormal market conditions. Customers are aware , understanding and willing to accept risks occurring while the market is abnormal, which may result in trading orders taking time. The longer the spread, maybe wider.

9.6. Risk from abnormal trading platform

9.6.1 The client acknowledges and understands that orders can be placed only one transaction at a time. Attempts to submit orders repeatedly in quick succession have the right to cause the system to mock the customer’s orders by system. Will display the message ” Order is locked ” on the customer’s computer screen.
9.6.2 The client acknowledges and understands that the price movement is not caused by the action of the broker, but if the server is in the form of data retrieval from the real market in the event that the client’s internet is not stable at the price. The customer received or saw may not be in line with the current situation of the market.
9.6.3 The current price for the underlying asset will be calculated by the company based on the price provided by the company. All issues relating to the determination of the market price will depend on the understanding of That company solely.
9.7 The customer accepts the price quoted by the company without conditions, which is considered valid, there will be no claims about the price quoted by the company in the event that the price differs from the price of other sources can be accepted for consideration.

9.8 The company reserves the right to reconsider the price provided for a certain period of time, if in accordance with the company set, the price will be called ” Off-market price ” and or ” abnormal market conditions ” and or ” obvious errors ” as set forth in the agreement and or in the Terms and definitions and amend the financial information of the trade at that price

9.9 In the event that a price quote is stopped from a server being used to trade without notification, it may be due to hardware or software failure. The company reserves the right to connect the price data to the price database. On other servers in order to ensure a continuity of bidding. In such cases, the company has the right, but not necessary, to amend the financial results of trades of clients who trade during Delaney.

9.9.1 Customer acknowledges and understands that the closure editing program from the client PC can not be solved by making the order, the customer has already been placed on the market.
9.9.2 Client is aware and accept the risk of not having a good trading plan for opening the second order, although the result of the first order is not known.
9.9.3 Client is aware and understands that all pending orders can be set only after sending orders to the market.
9.9.4 The client acknowledges and understands that the execution of all pending orders will continue when the price moves until it is in the same position or beyond that position of the forward order. The implementation is in accordance with rule 4.5 of this contract.
9.10 The client acknowledges, understands and is willing to accept the risk of losing money because the client himself does not receive or receive messages from the company too late.

9.11 The customer acknowledges and accepts the risk that the email that the customer sent to the company might be possible that the third party can access the information in the customer’s email without permission.

9.11.1 The customer agrees that the company has the right to delete or destroy the message that the customer did not receive via the internal email system. The deletion of the said message will occur within 3 days from the date the message was delivered. with customers
9.12 The Client acknowledges and understands that the information related to the Client’s trading account is considered confidential, the Client accepts the risk which may be caused by the actions of third parties carrying access to the Client’s information. Without permission.

9.13 Risk arising from force majeure

9.13.1 The customer acknowledges, understands and welcomes the risks arising from force majeure which may result in the loss of the client’s money.
9.14 Risks arising from using websites that are not the main website of IUX Markets.


IUX Markets specifies domain responsibilities simply: www.iuxmarkets.com  only and is not responsible for damages arising from domains of others that are not under the domains specified herein.

9.14.1. IUX Markets is solely responsible for the accuracy and security of information and services related to the IUX Markets domain ( www.iuxmarkets.com ).
9.14.2. IUX Markets is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from use of or connection to domains other than IUX Markets ( www.iuxmarkets.com ) .
9.14.3. If users or customers of IUX Markets use services or transact with domains that are not under the responsibility of IUX Markets, they should be aware of the risks and policies of that domain.
10. Force majeure

10.1 In the event that a force majeure causes any contractual party to be blocked or restricted, either directly or indirectly, from performing all or any of the duties under this contract which are beyond control, such as war. Chaos in the country, riot, rebellion, political intervention, currency devaluation, fire, disaster Nature, explosion, danger and force majeure, or something that both parties do not want to happen. When the company considers that such incidents cause instability in the market, the company reserves the right to temporarily suspend service, which the company will notify through Via Email.

10.2 The company has the right to determine the extent of damage caused by force majeure, which the company will notify via email system.

10.3 In the event of force majeure, the customer acknowledges and agrees to the company to proceed as follows without notice.

A. Proceed to request to add margin
B. Closing customer orders that the company deems appropriate
C. Suspend or change certain conditions in this agreement relating to force majeure occurring for the convenience of the company in its operation
D. Carry out or not carry out any further request of the customer or the company itself.
E. On sider the results and details of all clients’ orders, such as opening and closing orders, changing price positions, total amount of deleted orders.

About Client Agreement :
Part A: General Terms
1. Introduction
1.1 The Agreement is entered by and between IUX MARKETS LIMITED (“the Company”) on
the one part and the Client (which may be a legal entity or a natural person) who has completed the Account Opening Application Form (hereinafter called the “Client”) on the other part.

1.2 IUX Markets Limited is subject to supervision by the Securities Commission, registered with the Financial Services Authority in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines under registered number  26183 BC 2021. at Beachmont Business Centre, 321, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines. The physical address of the company is at Office 2, 26 Pittalou Street, P.C.3117, Limassol, Cyprus.

1.3 IUX Markets is operated under The Trading Machine (Pty) Ltd. which is authorized by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority (FSCA) in South Africa, with FSP No. 53103, registered in 1st Floor Cnr Kildare Road and MA, Newlands, Cape Town, Western Cape, 7550.

1.4 IUX Markets is operated by IUX Markets Limited, a regulated and licensed broker of international CFDs trading securities. IUX Markets Limited is authorised by the MWALI International Services Authority (Comoros) with license number  T2023172 as an international brokerage and clearing house, registered in P.B. 1257 Bonovo Road, Fomboni, Comoros, KM.

1.5 This Client Agreement with the following documents found on the Company’s website
(namely “General Business Terms”, “Partnership Agreement”, “Risk Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, “Complaints Procedure for Clients” and “Bonus Terms and Conditions”), as amended from time to time, (together the “Agreement”), as well as any other documentation that may be communicated applicable to a Client as a result of his participation in any of the Company’s campaigns and/or loyalty programs set out the terms upon which the Company will offer Services hereunder to the Client and shall govern all CFD activity of the Client with the Company during the course of the Agreement.

1.6 The Agreement overrides any other agreements, arrangements, express or implied statements made by the Company or any Introducer(s)

2. Interpretation of Terms
“Access Data” shall mean the login and password of the Client, which are required so as to place Orders in CFDs with the Company on the Trading Platform, and any other secret investor passwords, phone passwords or similar, used to access the Personal Area so as to perform nontrading operations.

“Account Opening Application Form” shall mean the application form/questionnaire completed by the Client, on-line on the Company’s Website and/or mobile application(s) and/or in hard copy, in order to apply for the Company’s Services under the Agreement and a Client Account, via which form/ questionnaire the Company will obtain amongst other things information for the Client’s identification and due diligence, financial profile and appropriateness in accordance with the Applicable Regulations.

“Affiliate” shall mean in relation to the Company, any entity which directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by the Company, or any entity that is directly or indirectly under common control with the Company; and

“control” means the power to direct or the presence of ground to manage the affairs of the Company or entity.

“Agreement” shall mean this document (Client Agreement) and various documents found on the Company’s website, namely “General Business Terms”, “Partnership Agreement”, “Risk Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, “Bonus Terms and Conditions”, “Complaints Procedure for Clients”, as amended from time to time and any subsequent Appendices added thereto.。

“Agreement” shall mean this document (Client Agreement) and various documents found on the Company’s website, namely “General Business Terms”, “Partnership Agreement”, “Risk Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, “Bonus Terms and Conditions”, “Complaints Procedure for Clients”, as amended from time to time and any subsequent Appendices added thereto.

“Ask” shall mean the higher price in a Quote at which the price the Client may buy.

“Balance” shall mean the total financial result in the Client Account after the last Completed Transaction and depositing/withdrawal operation at any period of time.

“Bid” shall mean the lower price in a Quote at which the Client may sell.

“Business Day” shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, or the 25th of December, or the 1st of January or any other international holidays to be announced on the Company’s Website.

“Client Account” shall mean the unique personalized account of the Client consisting of all Completed Transactions, Open Positions and Orders in the Trading Platform, the balance of the Client money and deposit/withdrawal transactions of the Client money.

“Client Terminal” shall mean the MetaTrader program version 4 or 5, or other platform trading facilities including (but not limited to) web and mobile, which are used by the Client in order to obtain information on Underlying Markets in real-time, make Transactions, place or delete Orders, as well as to receive notices from the Company and keep record of Transactions.

“Closed Position” shall mean the opposite of an Open Position.

“Completed Transaction” shall mean two counter deals of the same size and instrument (opening a position and closing a position): i.e. buy then sell and vice versa in CFD trading.

“Contract for Differences” (“CFD”) shall mean a contract between two parties, typically described as “buyer” and “seller”, stipulating that the buyer will pay to the seller the difference between the current value of the price of an Underlying Asset and its value at contract time (if the difference is negative, then the seller pays instead to the buyer). A CFD is a Financial Instrument.

“Contract Specifications” shall mean the principal trading terms in CFD (for example Spread, Trading Commission, Swaps, Lot Size, Initial Margin, Necessary Margin, Hedged Margin, the minimum level for placing Stop Loss, Take Profit and Limit Orders, financing charges, swap charges, other charges etc.) for each type of CFD as determined by the Company from time to time.

“Currency of the Client Account” shall mean the currency that the Client Account is denominated in, as available by the Company from time to time.

“Equity” shall mean the Balance plus or minus any Floating Profit or Loss that derives from an Open Position and shall be calculated as:

A. Equity = Balance + (Floating Profit – Floating Loss); and/or
B. Equity= Free Margin + Margin
“Error Quote (Spike)” shall mean an error price that has the following characteristics:

A significant Price Gap; and
In a short period of time the price rebounds with a Price Gap; and
Before it appears there have been no rapid price movements; and
Before and immediately after it appears that no important macroeconomic indicators and/or corporate reports are released.
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning given in paragraph

“Cause of breach of contract” referred to within the meaning of Article 11.1 of PART A of this document (Client Agreement).

“Expert Advisor” shall mean a mechanical online trading system designed to automate trading activities on an electronic trading platform. It can be programmed to alert the Client of a trading opportunity and can also trade his account automatically managing all aspects of trading operations from sending orders directly to the Trading Platform to automatically adjusting stop loss, trailing stops and take profit levels.

“Financial Instrument” shall mean Contracts for Differences.

“Floating Profit/Loss” shall mean current profit/loss on Open Positions calculated at the current Quotes (added any Trading Commissions or fees if applicable) in CFD trading.

“Force Majeure Event” shall have the meaning as set out in paragraph 12.1 of PART A of this document (Client Agreement).

“Free Margin” shall mean the amount of funds available in the Client Account, which may be used to open a position or maintain an Open Position. Free Margin shall be calculated as: Equity less (minus) Necessary Margin [Free margin = Equity – Necessary Margin.

“Hedged Margin” shall mean the necessary margin required by the Company so as to open and maintain Hedged Positions in CFD trading.

“Hedged Positions” shall mean Long and Short positions of the same size and instrument, opened on the trading account.

“Indicative Quote” shall mean a Quote at which the Company has the right not to accept any Instructions or arrange for the execution of any Orders in CFD trading.

“Initial Margin” shall mean the necessary margin required by the Company so as to open a position in CFD trading.

“Instant Execution” shall mean the execution method where the order of the client will be executed at the Client’s requested price or will not be executed at all. In the event that the price has changed during the processing request, the client will get a requote. A requote is a notification which tells the Client that his/her requested price is no longer available and gives the client 3 seconds to accept or reject the new price. If they accept the new price, their order will be executed with the new price. If they reject the new price or do not respond to the requote, then the order will not be executed at all.

“Investment Account” shall mean the unique personalized account of the Investor for Social Trading.

“Investor” shall mean the Client who uses the Social Trading services of the Company by copying the Strategies of Strategy Providers.

“Leverage” shall mean a ratio in respect of Transaction Size and Initial Margin in CFD trading. 1:100 ratio means that in order to open a position, the Initial Margin is one hundred times less than the Transactions Size.

“Long Position” shall mean a buy position that appreciates in value if underlying market prices increase in CFD trading.

“Lot” shall mean a unit measuring the Transaction amount specified for each Underlying Asset of a CFD.

“Lot Size” shall mean the number Underlying Assets in one Lot in a CFD.

“Margin” shall mean the necessary guarantee funds so as to open or maintain Open Positions in a CFD Transaction.

“Margin Call” shall mean the situation when the Company informs the Client that the Client does not have enough Margin to place Orders or maintain Open Positions.

“Margin Level” shall mean the percentage of Equity to Necessary Margin ratio in CFD trading. It is calculated as: Margin Level = (Equity / Necessary Margin) x 100%.

“Market Execution” shall mean any Order from the Client that will be executed at the current price in the market at the moment of Order processing.

“Market Order” shall mean an Order made by the Client for an immediate purchase or sale of a security at the price of the market. This can be described as an Order/instruction by the Client to the Company to fill an order immediately at the present price of that asset in the market.

“Maximum deviation” is a parameter set by the Client on the client’s terminal that determines the maximum deviation (in pips) between the execution price and the requested price when opening and closing a position.

“Necessary Margin” shall mean the necessary margin required by the Company so as to maintain Open Positions in CFD trading.

“Open Position” shall mean any position which has not been closed, a Long Position or a Short Position which is not a Completed Transaction.

“Order” shall mean an instruction from the Client to trade in Financial Instruments.

“Parties” shall mean the parties to this Agreement – the Company and the Client.

“Pending Order” shall mean an Order made by the Client for the selling or buying of a CFD in the future at set conditions. This means a Client’s Order to open a position when the price of an asset reaches a certain level.

“Personal Area” shall mean the Client’s personal page on the Company’s Website.

“Politically Exposed Persons” shall mean:

an individual who is or has been, during the preceding three years, entrusted with a prominent public function in — (i) Seychelles; or (ii) any other country; or (iii) an international body or organization. For the purpose of this paragraph, prominent public function includes heads of state, heads of government, ministers and other senior politicians, senior government or judicial officials, ambassadors and chargés d’affaires, persons appointed as honorary consuls, high-ranking officers in the armed forces, members of the Boards of Central Banks, members of the Boards of state-owned corporations; and influential political party officials.
An immediate family member of a person referred to in paragraph (A) which means a spouse, a partner, that is an individual considered by his or her national law as equivalent to a spouse; children and their spouses or partners; the parents; and the siblings.
Persons known to be close associates of such persons as set out under definition (A) which means: (a) any person who is known to have joint beneficial ownership of a legal person, partnership, trust or any other close business relations with that legal person, partnership or trust; and (b) any person who has sole beneficial ownership of a legal person, partnership or trust which is known to have been set up for the benefit of that legal person, partnership or trust.
“Price Gap” shall mean either of the following:

A) The current Quote Bid is higher than the Ask of the previous Quote; or
B) The current Quote Ask is lower than the Bid of the previous Quote
“Quote” shall mean the information of the current price for a specific Underlying Asset, in the form of the Bid and Ask prices.

“Quote CFDs” shall mean the second CFDs in the CFDs Pair which can be bought or sold by the Client for the Base CFDs.

“Quotes Base” shall mean Quotes Flow information stored on the Trading Server in CFD trading.

“Quotes Flow” shall mean the stream of Quotes in the Trading Platform for each CFD.

“Trading Server” shall mean the software server side of the Trading Platform, in addition to any platform trading facilitates including (but not limited to) web and mobile traders. The Trading Server is used to arrange for the execution of the Client’s Orders or instructions or requests, to provide trading information in real-time mode and historical information about trading activity of the Client (the content is defined by the Company), in consideration of the mutual liabilities between the Client and the Company.

“Services” shall mean the services provided by the Company to the Client as set out in paragraph 4 of PART A hereunder.

“Short Position” shall mean a sell position that appreciates in value if Underlying Market prices fall in CFD trading. For example, in respect of CFDs Pairs: selling the Base CFDs against the Quote CFDs. Short Position is the opposite of a Long Position.

“Slippage” shall mean the difference between the requested price of a Transaction in a CFD, and the executed price of the said Transaction. Slippage often occurs during periods of higher price volatility (for example due to news events), making an Order at a specific price impossible to execute, when Market Orders and Pending Orders are used, and also when large Orders are executed when there may not be enough interest at the desired price level to maintain the expected price of trade; Slippage usually occurs in Market Execution and may occur in Instant Execution when maximum deviation is set.

“Social Trading” shall mean the service provided by the Company via its Website and/or mobile application giving the Client the ability either to become an Investor and start copying strategies of Strategy Providers or become a Strategy Provider and create investment strategy/ ies (Strategy/ies) and attract Investors to follow such Strategy/ies.

“Social Trading Period” shall mean:

the period commencing at the creation of a Strategy and ending at the last Friday of the same calendar month at 23: 59: 59 UTC+0 or
Each subsequent period which succeeds the last Friday of each calendar month at 23:59:59 UTC+0 “Spread” shall mean the difference between Ask and Bid.
“Strategy” shall mean the account opened by a Strategy Provider to carry out a series of transactions for the purpose of Social Trading and which is available for Investors to copy and invest.

“Strategy Provider” shall mean the Client who is using the Social Trading service by creating his/her Strategy in accordance and by complying with the Company’s Strategy opening procedures.

“Swap or Rollover” shall mean the interest added or deducted for holding a position open overnight in CFD trading.

“Trading Commission” shall mean a fee charged for providing the Service.

“Trading Platform” shall mean the Company’s online trading system which includes the aggregate of its computer devices, software, databases, telecommunication hardware, all programs and technical facilities providing real-time Quotes, making it possible for the Client to obtain information of markets in real time, make technical analysis on the markets, enter into Transactions, place and delete Orders, receive notices from the Company and keep record of Transactions and calculating all mutual obligations between the Client and the Company. The Trading Platform consists of the Trading Server and the Client Terminal.

“Trailing Stop” shall mean a tool in MetaQuotes Terminals MT4 or MT5. Trailing Stop is always attached to an Open Position and could be set and works in Client Terminal. Only one Trailing Stop can be set for each Open Position. After the Trailing Stop has been set, at incoming of new Quotes, the Client Terminal checks whether the Open Position is profitable. As soon as profit in pips becomes equal to or higher than the specified level, command to place the Stop Loss Order will be given automatically. The Order level is set at the specified distance from the current price. If price changes in the more profitable direction, Trailing Stop will make the Stop Loss level follow the price automatically, but if profitability of the position falls, the order will not be modified anymore. After each automatic Stop Loss order modification, a record will be made in the Client Terminal journal.

“Transaction” shall mean any CFD Order that has been executed on behalf of the Client under this Agreement.

“Transaction Size” shall mean Lot Size multiplied by the number of Lots in CFD trading.

“Underlying Asset” shall mean the underlying asset in a CFD which may be CFDs Pairs, Metals, Futures, Commodities or any other asset according to the Company’s discretion from time to time.

“Underlying Market” shall mean the relevant market where the Underlying Asset of a CFD is traded.

“Website” shall mean the Company’s website at www.iuxmarkets.com or such other website as the Company may maintain from time to time.

“Written Notice” shall mean any notice or communication given via the Trading Platform internal mail, email, facsimile transmission, post, commercial courier service, air mail and the Company’s Website, as well through the Client’s Personal Area.

2.1 In the Agreement, words importing the singular shall import the plural and vice versa, words importing the masculine shall import the feminine and vice versa and words denoting persons include corporations, partnerships, other unincorporated bodies and all other legal entities and vice versa.

2.2 Paragraph headings in the Agreement are for ease of reference only.

2.3 Any reference in the Agreement to any act and/or regulation and/or law shall be that act or regulation or law as amended, modified, supplemented, consolidated or re-enacted from time to time, all guidance noted, directives statutory instruments or orders made pursuant to such and any statutory provision of which that statutory provision is a re-enactment or modification

3. Client Acceptance and Due Diligence
3.1 It is understood that the Company may not accept the Client as its client, and hence refuse to open a Client Account for him and/or refuse to accept any money from him and/or refuse allow the Client to initiate trading activities, until the Client properly and fully fills in and submits the Account Opening Application Form together with all the required identification documentation and all internal Company checks (including without limitation anti-money laundering checks, appropriateness tests and identification procedures) have been fully satisfied. Furthermore the Company retains the right, during the business relationship with the Client, to request at any time any other documentation and/or information from the Client that the Company considers necessary as part of the Company’s ongoing monitoring of the Client’s activity. It is further understood that the Company reserves the right to impose additional due diligence requirements to accept Clients residing in certain countries.

3.2 The Client has the option, provided that the Client has accepted the documents found on the Company’s website which set out the terms upon which the Company will offer Services, to deposit any amount and in any currency as defined and accepted by the Company from time. to time and start trading. The Company reserves the right to define at its absolute discretion and at any time the minimum and maximum amount of deposit(s) as well as the time period in which the Client must fully satisfy the Company’s required identification documentation requirements and any other relevant ad- hoc requests. In this respect, the Client shall be notified with a Written Notice. In the event, that the Client does not fully satisfy the Company’s required identification documentation requirements within the time period set by the Company, the Company reserves the right to return any funds deposited back to their origin and impose restrictions in the operation of the Client Accounts. including but not limited to restrictions to additional deposits and/or immediately terminate the business relationship with the Client and close the Client Account and/or to proceed to any other action deemed necessary.

4. Services
4.1 Subject to the Client’s obligations under the Agreement being fulfilled, the Company may at
its discretion offer the following Services to the Client:

A. Receive and transmit Orders of the Client in CFDs.
B. Execute Client Orders in CFDs.
C. Provide safekeeping and administration of financial instruments for the account of Client (as and if applicable), including custodianship and related services such as cash/collateral management.
D. Provide foreign currency services provided they are associated with the provision of the reception and transmission service of paragraph
4.2. (A) and (B) of PART A of this document.

A. The Company is not responsible for such information.
B. The Company makes no representations, warranties or guarantees for the accuracy, accuracy or completeness of such information. or any tax or legal consequences arising from purchase orders and/or any related transactions.
C. This information is presented solely for informational purposes. to help clients make their own investment decisions and does not constitute investment advice or financial promotion material that the Company provides to its clients
D. If a document contains restrictions on who or what type of person should not be the recipient of the document, or whether the document should not be published to The client agrees not to forward the documents to that person or category.
E. The client agrees that before the company sends such information to the client, the company may process information to make use of that information. The company does not guarantee the length of time the client will receive information. and cannot guarantee that the client will receive such information from other clients.
5. Advice and Provision of Information
5.1 The Company will not advise the Client about the merits of a particular Transaction or give him any form of investment advice and the Client acknowledges that the Services do not include the provision of investment advice in CFDs or the Underlying Markets. The Client alone will enter into Transactions and take relevant decisions based on his own judgment. In asking the Company to enter into any Transaction, the Client represents that he has been solely responsible for making his own independent appraisal and investigation into the risks of the Transaction. He represents that he has sufficient knowledge, market sophistication, professional advice and experience to make his own evaluation of the merits and risks of any Transaction. The Company gives no warranty as to the suitability of the products traded under this Agreement and assumes no fiduciary duty in its relations with the client.

5.2 The Company will not be under any duty to provide the Client with any legal, tax or other advice relating to any Transaction. The Client should seek independent expert advice if he is in any doubt as to whether he may incur any tax liabilities. The Client is hereby warned that tax laws are subject to change from time to time.

5.3 The Company may, from time to time and at its discretion, provide the Client (or in newsletters which it may post on its Website or provide to subscribers via its Website or the Trading Platform or otherwise) with information, training/educational material, news,
market commentary or other information but not as a Service. Where it does so:

A. The Company will not be responsible for such information;
B. The Company gives no representation, warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, correctness or completeness of such information or as to the tax or legal consequences of any related Order and/or Transaction;
C. This information is provided solely for informational purposes, in order to enable the Client to make his own investment decisions and does not amount to investment advice or unsolicited financial promotions to the Client;
D. If the document contains a restriction on the person or category of persons for whom that document is intended or to whom it is distributed, the Client agrees that he will not pass it on to any such person or category of persons;
E. The Client accepts that prior to dispatch, the Company may have acted upon it itself to make use of the information on which it is based. The company does not make representations as to the time of receipt by the Client and cannot guarantee that he will receive such information at the same time as other clients.
5.4 It is understood that training/educational material, market commentary, news, or other information provided or made available by the Company are subject to change and may be withdrawn at any time without notice.

6. Costs and Taxes
6.1 The provision of Services and the performing of both trading and non-trading operations under the Agreement is subject to the payment of charges to the Company (the “Costs”). Costs to the Company are set out in the Company’s Website and/or on the Client’s Personal Area and/ or are communicated to the Client through other means. Costs related to trading operations under the Agreement, may be charged at the opening and/or during the lifetime and/or upon the closing of such trading operations.

6.2 When placing Orders in CFDs, the related Costs may appear relative to the value of the CFD,
therefore the Client has the responsibility to understand how Costs are calculated in this case.

6.3 The Company may vary its Costs from time to time. The Company will send a Written Notice to the Client informing of any changes before they come into effect and the latter shall be free to dissolve the contract immediately. In the event that such change is based on a change in interest rates or tax treatment or where there is a valid reason, the Company shall have the right to amend it without prior notice to the Client provided that the Company shall inform the
Client at the earliest opportunity and that the latter is free to dissolve the contract immediately.

6.4 When providing a Service to a Client, the Company may pay or receive fees, commissions or other monetary or non-monetary benefits to, or from third parties as far as permissible under Applicable Regulations. The Company will provide information on such benefits to the Client if required under Applicable Regulations.

6.5 The Company will not act as tax agent for the Client. The Client shall be solely responsible for all filings, tax returns and reports on any Transactions which should be made to any relevant authority, whether governmental or otherwise, and for payment of all taxes (including but not limited to any transfer or value added taxes). , arising out of or in connection with any Transaction.

6.6 The Client undertakes to pay all stamp expenses relating to this Agreement and any documentation which may be required for the carrying out of the transactions under this Agreement.

6.7 The Company may charge the Client for carrying out operations to pay in/withdraw funds. The amount of charge for paying in/ withdrawal of funds depends on factors such as the transaction sum, the type of transaction, the transaction currency, the system of payment etc. and is indicated in the Client’s Personal Area.

6.8 The Trading Commission and/or the Spreads and/or any other applicable Costs for performing trading operations in Market Maker Accounts are shown on the Company’s official website in the Contract Specifications section and/or on the Client Terminal and/or on the Trading Platform. .

6.9 The Company is entitled, in relation to Interbank Accounts:

A. To adjust the best available prices in the market by the amount of its own commission;
B. To show the amount of commission on the order being placed in a separate field in the client terminal.
7. Communications and Written Notices
7.1 Unless the contrary is specifically provided in this Agreement, any notice, instruction, request or other communication to be given to the Company by the Client under the Agreement shall be in writing and shall be sent to the Company’s address below (or to any other address which the Company may from time to time specify to the Client for this purpose) by email, facsimile, post if posted in St.Vincent, or airmail if posted outside St.Vincent, or commercial courier service and shall be deemed delivered only when actually received by the Company at:

IUX Markets Limited
Post address: PB 1257 Bonovo Road, Fomboni, Comoros, KM. Email: support@iuxmarkets.com

7.2 In order to communicate with the Client, the Company may use any of the following methods:

A. Trading Platform internal mail and/or Client Terminal;
B. Email;
C. Facsimile transmission;
D. Telephone;
E. Post;
F. Commercial courier service;
G. Air mail;
H. The Company’s Website;
I. Personal Area.
7.3 Any communications sent to the Client (documents, notices, confirmations, statements etc.) are deemed received:

A. If sent by Trading Platform internal mail and/or through Client Terminal, immediately after sending it;
B. If sent by email, within one hour after emailing it;
C. If sent by facsimile transmission, upon receipt by the sender of a transmission report from its facsimile machine confirming receipt of the message by recipient’s facsimile machine during the business hours at its destination.
D. If sent by telephone, once the telephone conversation has been finished;
E. If sent by post, seven (7) calendar days after posting it;
F. If sent via commercial courier service, at the date of signing of the document on receipt of such notice;
G. If sent by air mail, five (5) Business Days after the date of their dispatch;
H. If posted on the Company Webpage, within one hour after it has been posted;
I. If posted on the Personal Area, immediately once posted.
7.4 In order to communicate with the Client the Company will use the contact details provided by the Client whilst opening the Client Account or as updated later on. Hence, the Client has an obligation to notify the Company immediately of any change in the Client’s contact details.
7.5 Faxed documents received by the Company may be electronically scanned and reproduction of the scanned version shall constitute conclusive evidence of such faxed instructions.

7.6 Telephone conversations between the Client and the Company may be recorded and recordings will be the sole property of the Company. The Client accepts such recordings as conclusive evidence of the Orders/instructions/requests or conversations so recorded.
7.7 The Client accepts that the Company may, for the purpose of administering the terms of the Agreement, from time to time, make direct contact with the Client using any of the methods mentioned in paragraph 7.2 of PART A of this document.

8. Confidentiality, Personal Data, Records
8.1 The Company may collect client information directly from the Client (in his completed Account Opening Application Form or otherwise) or from other persons including but not limited to credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, third authentication service providers, other financial institutions and any other providers of registers.

8.2 Client information which the Company holds is to be treated by the Company as confidential and will not be used for any purpose other than in connection with the provision, administration and improvement of the Services, for research and statistical purposes and for marketing purposes and as provided for under paragraph

8.3 under PART A of this document. Information already in the public domain, or already possessed by the Company without a duty of confidentiality will not be regarded as confidential.

8.4 The Client agrees that the Company has the right to disclose Client information (including recordings and documents of a confidential nature, card details, personal details) in the following circumstances as and to the extent required:

A. Where required by law or a competent court;
B. Where requested by a bank, payment service provider, regulatory/supervisory or other authority having control or jurisdiction over the Company or the Client or their associates or in whose territory the Company has Clients;
C. To relevant authorities to investigate suspicion of, or prevent fraud, money laundering or other illegal activity;
D. To execution venues or any third party as necessary to carry out Client Instructions or Orders and for purposes ancillary to the provision of the Services;
E. To credit reference and fraud prevention agencies, third authentication service providers and other financial institutions/brokers for credit checking, fraud prevention, anti-money laundering purposes, identification or due diligence checks of the Client. To do so, these agencies/parties may check the details the Client supplied against any particulars on any database (public or otherwise) to which they have access. They may also use Client details in the future to assist other companies for verification purposes. A record of the search will be retained by the Company;
F. To the Company’s professional advisors, provided that in each case the relevant professional shall be informed about the confidential nature of such information and commit to the confidentiality herein obligations as well;
G. Only to the extent required, to other service providers who create, maintain or process databases (whether electronic or not), offer record keeping services, email transmission services, messaging services or similar services which aim to assist the Company collect, storage, process and use Client information or get in touch with the Client or improve the provision of the Services under this Agreement;
H. Only to the extent required, to other service providers for statistical purposes in order to improve the Company’s marketing, in such a in case the data will be provided in an aggregate form;
I. To market research call centers that provide telephone or email surveys with the purpose to improve the services of the Company;
J. Where necessary in order for the Company to defend or exercise its legal rights;
K. At the Client’s request or with the Client’s consent;
L. To an Affiliate of the Company;
M. To successors or assignees or transferees or buyers, with ten Business Days prior Written Notice to the Client, for the purposes of paragraph 19.2 under PART A of this document.
9. Amendments
9.1 The Company may upgrade the Personal Area and/or the Client Account and/or the Trading Platform or enhance the services offered to the Client if it reasonably considers this is to the Client’s advantage and there is no increased cost to the Client as a result of the change.

9.2 Unless provided differently elsewhere in the present document, the Company has the right to amend the terms of the Client Agreement at any time giving to the Client at least five
(5) Business Days Written Notice prior to such changes. Any such amendments will become effective on the date specified in the notice. The Client acknowledges that a variation which is made to reflect a change of law or regulation may, if necessary, take effect immediately and without notice.

9.3 Unless provided differently, the Company may change any document which is part of the Agreement, except the present document, without prior notice to the Client.

10. Termination
10.1 Each Party may terminate this Agreement by giving at least five (5) Business Days Written Notice to the other Party.

10.2 The Company may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect and without prior notice for any good reason such as in an Event of Default of the Client as defined in paragraph 11.1. of PART A of this document.

10.3 Termination by any Party will not affect any obligation which has already been incurred by either Party in respect of any Open Position or any legal rights or obligations which may already have arisen under the Agreement or any Transactions and deposit/withdrawal operations made thereunder.

10.4 Upon termination of this Agreement, all amounts payable by the Client to the Company will
become immediately due and payable including (without limitation):

A. All outstanding Costs and any other amounts payable to the Company;
B. Any dealing expenses incurred by terminating the Agreement and charges incurred for transferring the Client’s investments to another investment firm;
C. Any losses and expenses realized in closing out any Transactions or settling or concluding outstanding obligations incurred by the Company on the Client’s behalf;
D. Any charges and additional expenses incurred or to be incurred by the Company as a result of the termination of the Agreement;
E. Any damages which arose during the arrangement or settlement of pending obligations.
10.5 Once notice of termination of this Agreement is sent or upon termination the following shall apply:

A. The Client will have an obligation to close all his Open Positions. If he fails to do so, upon termination, the Company will close any Open Positions at current Quotes;
B. The Company will be entitled to cease to grant the Client access to the Trading Platform or may limit the functionalities the Client is allowed to use on the Trading Platform;
C. The Company will be entitled to refuse to open new positions for the Client;
D. The Company will be entitled to refuse to the Client to withdraw money from the Client Account and the Company reserves the right to keep Client’s funds as necessary to close positions which have already been opened and/or pay any pending obligations of the Client under the Agreement.
10.6 Upon Termination any or all the following may apply:

A. The Company has the right to combine any Client Accounts of the Client, to consolidate the Balances in such Client Accounts and to set off those Balances with obligations of the Client towards the Company;
B. The Company has the right to close the Client Account(s);
C. The Company has the right to convert any currency;
D. The Company has the right to close out the Client’s Open Positions at current Quotes;
E. In absence of illegal activity or suspected illegal activity of the Client or instructions from the relevant authorities, if there is Balance in the Client’s flavor, the Company will (after withholding such amounts that in the Company’s absolute discretion considers appropriate in respect of future liabilities of the Client towards the Company) pay such Balance to the Client as soon as reasonably practicable and supply him with a statement showing how that Balance was arrived at and, where appropriate, instruct any nominee or/and any custodian to also pay any applicable amounts. Such funds shall be delivered in accordance to the Client’s instructions to the Client. It is understood that the Company will effect payments only to an account in the name of the Client. The Company has the right to refuse, at its discretion, to effect third party payments.
11. Default
11.1 Each of the following constitutes an “Event of Default”:

A. The failure of the Client to provide any Initial Margin and/or Hedged Margin, or other amount due under the Agreement;
B. The failure of the Client to perform any obligation due to the Company including but not limited to the obligation of the Client to submit any identification documentation and/or any other information required by the Company;
C. If an application is made in respect of the Client pursuant to the Seychelles’ bankruptcy laws or any equivalent act in another Jurisdiction (if the Client is an individual), if a partnership, in respect of one or more of the partners, or if a company, a receiver, trustee, administrative receiver or similar officer is appointed, or if the Client makes an arrangement or composition with the Client’s creditors or any procedure which is similar or analogous to any of the above is commenced in respect of the Client;
D. The Client is unable to pay the Client’s debts when they fall due;
E. The Client (if the Client is an individual) dies or is declared absent or becomes of unsound mind;
F. Where any representation or warranty made by the Client in paragraph 14 of PART A of this document is, or becomes untrue;
G. Any other circumstance where the Company reasonably believes that it is necessary or desirable to take any action set out in paragraph
11.2 of PART A of this document;

H. An action set out in paragraph 11.2 of PART A of this document is required by a competent regulatory authority or body or court;
I. The Client involves the Company in any type of fraud or illegality or may be at risk of involving the Company in any type of fraud or illegality, such risk determined in good faith by the Company;
J. In cases of material violation by the Client of the requirements established by legislation of Seychelles or other countries, such materiality determined in good faith by the Company;
K. If the Company suspects that the Client is engaged into money laundering activities and/or terrorist financing and/or in any other criminal activities or for any other cases where the Client may involve the Company in any type of fraud or illegality and/or in any activity considered suspicious by the Company.
11.3 If an Event of Default occurs the Company may, at its absolute discretion, at any time and without prior Written Notice, take one or more of the following actions:

A. Temporarily block the Client Account and/or accounts of another Client which the Company considers to be involved in suspicious activity until the Company can determine if an Event of Default has occurred. In case of investigation of Events of Default the Company may request the Client to provide various documents and the Client is under an obligation to provide such;
B. The Company has the right to combine any Client Accounts of the Client, to consolidate the Balances in such Client Accounts and to set-off those Balances with obligations of the Client towards the Company;
C. The Company has the right to close the Client Account(s);
D. The Company has the right to convert any currency;
E. The Company has the right to close out the Client’s Open Positions at current Quotes;
F. Terminate this Agreement without notice to the Client
12. Force Majeure
12.1 A Force Majeure Event includes without limitation each of the following:

A. Government actions, the outbreak of war or hostilities, the threat of war, acts of terrorism, national emergency, riot, civil disturbance, sabotage, requisition, or any other international calamity, economic or political crisis that, in the Company’s opinion, prevents it from maintaining an orderly market in one or more of the Financial Instruments in respect of which it deals on the Trading Platform;
B. Act of God, earthquake, tsunami, hurricane, typhoon, accident, storm, flood, fire, epidemic or other natural disaster making it impossible for the Company to offer its Services;
C. Labour disputes and lock-out which affect the operations of the Company;
D. Suspension of trading on an Underlying Market, or the fixing of minimum or maximum prices for trading on a Market, a regulatory ban on the activities of any party (unless the Company has caused that ban), decisions of state authorities, governing bodies of self-regulating organizations, decisions of governing bodies of organized trading platforms;
E. A financial services moratorium having been declared by appropriate regulatory authorities or any other acts or regulations of any regulatory, governmental, or supranational body or authority;
F. Breakdown, failure or malfunction of any electronic, network and communication lines (not due to the bad faith or willful default of the company) and DdoS-attacks;
G. Any event, act or circumstances not reasonably within the Company’s control and the effect of that event(s) is such that the Company is not in a position to take any reasonable action to cure the default;
H. The suspension, liquidation or closure of any market or the abandonment or failure of any event to which the Company relates its Quotes, or the imposition of limits or special or unusual terms on the trading in any such market or on any such event.
I. The occurrence of an excessive movement in the level of any transaction and/or Underlying Asset or Underlying Market or the Company’s anticipation (acting reasonably) of the occurrence of such a movement;
J. The failure of any relevant supplier, financial institution intermediate broker, liquidity provider, agent or principal of the Company, custodian, sub-custodian, dealer, exchange, clearing house or regulatory or self-regulatory organization, for any reason, to perform its obligations.
12.2 If the Company determines in its reasonable opinion that a Force Majeure Event exists (without prejudice to any other rights under the Agreement) the Company may without prior notice and at any time take any or a combination or all of the following steps:

A. Increase Margin requirements without notice;
B. Close out any or all Open Positions at such prices as the Company considers in good faith to be appropriate;
C. Refuse to accept Orders from Clients;
D. Suspend or modify the application of any or all terms of the Agreement to the extent that the Force Majeure Event makes it impossible or impractical for the Company to comply with them;
E. Increase Spreads;
F. Decrease Leverage;
G. Shut down the Trading Platform(s) in case of malfunction for maintenance or to avoid damage;
H. Inactivate the Client Account;.
I. Cancel any pending positions;
J. Reject any deposit requests;
K. Take or omit to take all such other actions as the Company deems to be reasonably appropriate in the circumstances with regard to the position of the Company, the Client and other clients
12.3 Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the Company will not be liable or have any responsibility for any type of loss or damage arising out of any failure, interruption, or delay in performing its obligations under this Agreement where such failure, interruption or delay is due to a Force Majeure event.

13. Limitations of Liability and Indemnity
13.1 In the event the Company provides information, recommendations, news, information relating to transactions, market commentary or research to the Client (or in newsletters which it may post on its Website or provide to subscribers via its Website or otherwise), the Company shall not, in the absence of its fraud or gross negligence, be liable for any losses, costs, expenses or damages suffered by the Client arising from any inaccuracy or mistake in any such information given. Subject to the right of the Company to void or close any Transaction in the specific circumstances set out in the Agreement, any Transaction following such inaccuracy or mistake shall nonetheless remain valid and binding in all respects on both the Company and the Client.

13.2 The Company will not be held liable for, any loss or damage or expense or loss incurred by the Client in relation to, or directly or indirectly, arising from but not limited to:

A. Any error or failure in the operation of the Trading Platform;
B. Errors in the settings of Client Terminal, out-of-sequence Client Terminal update, any delay caused by the Client Terminal, the Client not following the instructions on the Client Terminal;
C. Any hardware, software, connection bugs from the Client’s side;
D. All Orders placed under the Client’s Access Data;
E. Any failure by the Company to perform any of its obligations under the Agreement as a result of Force Majeure Event;
F. The acts, omissions or negligence of any third party;
G. The solvency, acts or omissions of any third party referred to in paragraph 1.6 of PART B of this document;
H. If a situation of paragraph 1.7 of PART B of this document arises;
I. Any person obtaining the Client’s Access Data that the Company has issued to the Client prior to the Client’s reporting to the Company of the misuse of his Access Data;
J. Unauthorized third persons having access to information, including electronic addresses, electronic communication, personal data and Access Data when the above are transmitted between the Parties or any other party, using the internet or other network communication facilities, post, telephone, or any other electronic means;
K. Any actions or representations of the Introducer;
L. Currency risk materialising;
M. Occurrence of Slippage;
N. Any of the risks and warnings of the document “Risks Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, found on the Company’s website, materializes;
O. Any changes in the rates of tax;
P. The Client using Trailing Stop and/or Expert Advisor.
Q. The Client’s reliance on Stop Loss Orders;
R. The actions, Orders, instructions, Transactions entered into by the Client under this Agreement.
13.3 If the Company incurs any claims, damage, liability, costs or expenses, which may arise as a result of the execution of the Agreement and/or in relation to the provision of the Services and/ or in relation to any Order it is understood that the Company bears no responsibility whatsoever and it is the Client’s responsibility to indemnify the Company for such.

13.4 The Company shall in no circumstances be liable to the Client for any consequential, special or indirect losses, damages, loss of profits, loss of opportunity (including in relation to subsequent market movements), costs or expenses the Client may suffer in relation to the Agreement.

14. Representations and Warranties

14.1 The Client represents and warrants to the Company the following:

A. The information provided by the Client to the Company in the Account Opening Application Form and at any time thereafter is true, accurate and complete and the documents handed over by the Client are valid and authentic and shall inform the Company of any changes;
B. The Client has read and fully understood and undertakes to comply with the terms of this document (Client Agreement) and the various documents found on the Company’s website, namely “General Business Terms”, “Partnership Agreement”, “Risk Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, “Complaints Procedure for Clients”, “Bonus Terms and Conditions” and if applicable the “Partnership Agreement”;
C. The Client is duly authorized to enter into the Agreement, to give Orders, instructions and Requests and to perform its obligations thereunder;
D. The Client is acting as a principal and not as agent or representative or trustee or custodian on behalf of someone else. The Client may act on behalf of someone else only if the Company specifically consents to this in writing and provided that all the documents required by the Company for this purpose are received;
E. The Client is the individual who has completed the Account Opening Application Form or, if the Client is a company, the person who has completed Account Opening Application Form on the Client’s behalf is duly authorized to do so;
F. All actions performed under the Agreement will not violate any law or rule applicable to the Client or to the jurisdiction in which the Client is resident, or any agreement by which the Client is bound or by which any of the Client’s assets or funds are affected;
G. The Client has declared in the Account Opening Application Form, if he is a Politically Exposed Person and will notify the Company if at any stage during the course of this Agreement he becomes a Politically Exposed Person;
H. The Client funds are not in any direct or indirect way the proceeds of any illegal activity or used or intended to be used for terrorist financing;
I. The Client funds are free of any lien, charge, pledge or other encumbrance;
J. The Client has chosen the particular type of Service and Financial Instrument, taking his total financial circumstances into consideration which he considers reasonable under such circumstances;
K. There are no restrictions on the markets or financial instruments in which any Transactions will be sent for execution, arising from the Client’s nationality or religion;
L. The Client will take into account any information in the Company’s advertising materials only in combination with the complete description of the advertised services or promotion published on the Company’s website;
M. The Client is over 18 years old.
15. Client Acknowledgements of Risk and Consents
15.1 The Client unreservedly acknowledges and accepts the following:

A. Trading in CFDs is not suitable for all members of the public and the Client runs a great risk of incurring losses and damages as a result of trading in CFDs and accepts and declares that he is willing to undertake this risk. The damages may include loss of all his money and also any additional commissions and other expenses to keep his positions open.
B. CFDs carry a high degree of risk. The gearing or leverage often obtainable in CFDs means that a small deposit or down payment can lead to large losses as well as gains. It also means that a relatively small movement can lead to a proportionately larger movement in the value of the Client’s investment and this can work against him as well as for him.
C. CFD Transactions have a contingent liability, and the Client should be aware of the implications of this in particular the margin requirements.
D. Trading on an electronic Trading Platform carries risks.
E. The risks and warnings of the document “Risks Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, found on the Company’s website.
15.2 The risks and warnings of the document “Risks Disclosure and Warnings Notice”, found on the Company’s website.

A. He will not be entitled to delivery of, or be required to deliver, the Underlying Asset of the CFD, nor ownership thereof or any other interest therein.
B. He will not be entitled to delivery of, or be required to deliver, the Underlying Asset of the CFD, nor ownership thereof or any other interest therein.
C. When trading in CFDs the Client is trading on the outcome of the price of an Underlying Asset and that trading does not occur on a regulated Market but over-the-counter (OTC).
15.3 The Client consents to the provision of the information of the Agreement by means of a Website.

15.4 The Client confirms that he has regular access to the internet and consents to the Company providing him with information, including, without limitation, information about amendments to the terms and conditions, costs, fees, this Agreement, policies and information about the nature and risks of investments by posting such information on the Website.

16. Applicable and Governing Law and Applicable Regulations
16.1 All disputes and controversies arising out of or in connection with the Agreement shall be finally settled in the courts of Seychelles.

16.2 This Agreement is governed by the Laws of Seychelles.

16.3 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in providing Services to the Client the Company shall be entitled to take any action as it considers necessary in its absolute discretion to ensure compliance with the relevant market rules and or practices and all other applicable laws.

16.4 All transactions on behalf of the Client shall be subject to Applicable Regulations. The Company shall be entitled to take or omit to take any measures which it considers desirable in view of compliance with the Applicable Regulations in force at the time. Any such measures as may be taken and the Applicable Regulations in force shall be binding on the Client.

16.5 The Client may submit complaints to the Company according to the “Complaints Procedure for Clients” found on the Website.

16.6 The Company is a member of the Financial Commission – (www.financialcommission.org).
In the event that the Client and the Company cannot settle any dispute as per the procedures mentioned in clause 16.5, the Client is entitled to apply within forty-five (45) days from the date of the incident for resolution of the dispute to the Financial Commission. More information can be found on the Website.

17. Severability
17.1 Should any part of this Agreement be held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or illegal or contravene any rule, regulation or by law of any Underlying Market or regulator, that part will be deemed to have been excluded from this Agreement from the beginning, and this Agreement will be interpreted and enforced as though the provision had never been included and the legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions of the Agreement or the legality, validity or enforceability of this provision in accordance with the law and/or regulation of any other jurisdiction, shall not be affected.

18. Non-Exercise of Rights
18.1The Company’s failure to seek redress for violations, or to insist upon strict performance of any condition or provision of this Agreement, or its failure to exercise any or part of any right or remedy to which the Company is entitled to under this Agreement, shall not constitute an implied waiver thereof.

19. Assignment
19.1 The Company may at any time sell, transfer, assign or novate to a third party any or all of its rights, benefits or obligations under this Agreement or the performance of the entire
Agreement subject to providing at least five (5) Business Days prior Written Notice to the Client. This may be done, without limitation, in the event of merger or acquisition of the Company with a third party, reorganization of the Company, upcoming winding up of the Company, or sale or transfer of all or part of the business or the assets of the Company to a third party.

19.2 It is agreed and understood that in the event of transfer, assignment or novation described in paragraph 19.1 above, the Company shall have the right to disclose and/or transfer all Client information (including without limitation personal data, recording, correspondence, due diligence and client identification documents, files and records, the Client trading history) transfer the Client Account and the Client Money as required, subject to providing at least five (5) Business Days prior Written Notice to the Client.

19.3 The Client may not transfer, assign, charge, novate or otherwise transfer or purport to do so the Client’s rights or obligations under the Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company.

20. Language
20.1 The Company’s official language is the English language and the Client should always read and refer to the main Website for all information and disclosures about the Company and its activities. Translation or information provided in languages other than English, is for informational purposes only and does not bind the Company or have any legal effect whatsoever, the Company having no responsibility or liability regarding the correctness of
the information therein.

21. Introducer
21.1 In cases where the Client is introduced to the Company through a third person (“Introducer”), the Client acknowledges that the Company is not responsible or accountable for the conduct and/or representations of the Introducer and the Company is not bound by any separate agreements entered into between the Client and the Introducer.

21.2 The Client acknowledges and confirms that his agreement or relationship with the Introducer may result in additional costs, since the Company may be obliged to pay commission fees or charges to the Introducer.

22. Identification
22.1 In order to prevent any unauthorized access to the Client Account, verification of the Client’s identity is made for the following non-trading operations:

A. – Change Personal Area password
B. – Change Security Type
C. – Restoring Personal Area password
D. – Changing Personal area agent
E. – Withdraw funds
F. – Change account password
G. – Change investor password
22.2 The means of Client identification used by the Company (such as email, SMS) and the method of Client Identification is performed according to the “General Business Terms” found on the Company’s Website.

23. Currency Conversions
23.1 The Company is entitled, without prior notice to the Client, to effect any currency conversions which it deems necessary or desirable in order to make a deposit into the Client Account in the Currency of the Client Account (in the event that the Client deposits
money in a different currency of that of the Currency of the Client Account) or comply with its obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement or complete any specific Transaction or Order. Any such conversion shall be made by the Company at reasonable exchange rates as the Company shall select, having regards to the prevailing market rates. The Company shall be entitled to charge to the Client and obtain from the Client Account, or from the deposited
amount, the expenses incurred with regard to currency conversions for the Client, including but not limited to commissions to banks, money transfer fees, commissions to intermediaries etc.

23.2 The Client will bear all foreign currency exchange risk arising from any Transaction or from the exercise by the Company of its rights under the Agreement or any law.

24. Miscellaneous
24.1 All rights and remedies provided to the Company under the Agreement are cumulative and
are not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided in law or in equity.

24.2 Where the Client comprises two or more persons, the liabilities and obligations under the Agreement shall be joint and several. Any warning or other notice given to one of the persons which form the Client shall be deemed to have been given to all the persons who form the Client. Any Order given by one of the persons who form the Client shall be deemed to have been given by all the persons who form the Client.

24.3 In the event of the death or mental incapacity of one of the persons who form the Client, all funds held by the Company or its nominee, will be for the benefit and at the order of
the survivor(s) and all obligations and liabilities owed to the Company will be owed by such survivor(s).

Part B: Client Money And Client Account
1. Client Money
1.1 The Company shall not account to the Client for profits or interest earned on Client money (other than profit gained through trading Transactions from his Client Account(s) under this Agreement) and the Client waives all right to interest.

1.2 The Company may deposit Client money in overnight deposits and will be allowed to keep any interest.

1.3 The Company may hold Client money and the money of other clients in the same account (omnibus account).

1.4 The Company may deposit Client money with a third party (i.e. intermediate broker, a bank, a market, a settlement agent, a clearing house or OTC counterparty or a payment service provider) who may have a security interest, lien or right of set-off in relation to that money.

1.5 Client’s money may be held on the Client’s behalf with a third party as indicated in point 1.4 above located within or outside Seychelles. The legal and regulatory regime applying to any such person outside Seychelles will be different from that of Seychelles and in the event of the insolvency or any other equivalent failure of that person, the Client’s money may be treated differently from the treatment which would apply if the money was held in Seychelles or by the Company directly. The Company will not be liable for the solvency, acts or omissions of any third party referred to in this paragraph.

1.6 The third party to whom the Company will pass money may hold it in an omnibus account and it may not be possible to separate it from other Client’s money, or the third party’s money. In the event of the insolvency or any other analogous proceedings in relation to that third party, the Company may only have an unsecured claim against the third party on behalf of the Client, and the Client will be exposed to the risk that the money received by the Company from the third party is insufficient to satisfy the claims of the Client with claims in respect of the relevant account. The Company does not accept any liability or responsibility for any resulting losses.

1.7 It is understood that profit or loss from trading is credited or debited in the Client Account
once the Transaction is closed.

2. Lien
2.1 The Company shall have a general lien on all funds held by the Company or its associates or its nominees on the Client’s behalf until all Client’s obligations are satisfied. Such right of a general lien may be extended and enforced to cover any legally binding claims, either
present or future, related to the Client, emanating from applicable law, compliance rules/card schemes/acquiring banks/payment processing service providers/payment services operators’ requirements, as well as if it is required by the relevant authorities.

3. Setting and Set-Off
3.1 If the aggregate amount payable by the Client is equal to the aggregate amount payable by the Company(in the calculation of the amount payable by the Client, the following shall be taken into consideration: any legally binding claims related to the Client emanating from law, compliance rules/card schemes/acquiring banks/payment processing service providers/
payment services operators requirements, as well as if it is required by any relevant authorities), then automatically the mutual obligations to make payment are set-off and cancel each other.

3.2 If the aggregate amount payable by one party (in the calculation of the amount payable by
the Client, the following shall be taken into consideration: any legally binding claims related to the Client emanating from law, compliance rules/card schemes/acquiring banks/payment processing service providers/payment services operators requirements, as well as
if it is required by any relevant authorities) exceeds the aggregate amount payable by the other party, then the party with the larger aggregate amount shall pay the excess to the other party and all obligations to make payment will be automatically satisfied and discharged.

3.3 The Company has the right to combine all or any Client Accounts opened in the Client name and to consolidate the Balances in such accounts and to set-off such Balances in the event of termination of the Agreement.

4. Client Account
4.1 In order to facilitate trading in CFDs, the Company will open a Client Account for the Client, which will be activated upon the Client depositing the minimum initial deposit as determined by the Company in its discretion from time to time. The minimum initial deposit may vary according to the account type of the Client Account. This information is made available on our Website.

4.2 The Company may offer different account types with different characteristics, different methods of execution and different requirements. Information on the various account types is found on the Website.

5. Temporary Block of the Client Account
5.1 The Company may temporarily block the Client Account without prior notice to the Client for any good reason, including in any of the following cases:

A. In an Event of Default of the Client according to paragraph 11.2 (a) of PART A of this document and for such time that the Company reasonably requires to examine if an Event of Default has occurred;
B. After the Client’s request to temporarily block the Client Account under paragraph 5.5. of PART B of this Client Agreement;
C. The Company is informed from a reliable source that the Access Data of the Client may have been received by unauthorized third parties;
D. The Company is informed from a reliable source of possible unlawful actions or doubtful operations of the Client, as set out in Clause 1.4. of the General Business Terms.
E. In a Force Majeure Event and for such duration that the relevant event continues to exist.
F. An error in the request for the transfer of funds to another account was made by the Client and this resulted in the Company depositing in an incorrect trading account.
5.2 Without prejudice to any other right of the Company, the Client Account shall be unblocked
in the following cases:

A. When the Company, in its sole discretion, determines that an Event of Default has not occurred, where the Client Account was temporarily blocked under paragraph 5.1 (a) of PART B of this Client Agreement;
B. When the Client requests from the Company to unblock the Client Account under paragraph 5.6 where the Client Account wastemporarily blocked under paragraph 5.1(b) of PART B of this Client Agreement;
C. When the safety of the Access Data is determined by the Company and/or when the Company issues new Access Data to the Client, where the Client Account was temporarily blocked under paragraph 5.1 (c) of this Client Agreement;
D. When the Company determines that the Client has not engaged into any actions or doubtful operations as set out in the Clause 1.4 of the General Business Terms, where the Client Account was temporarily blocked under paragraph 5.1(d) of this Client Agreement;
E. When the Force Majeure event does not exist anymore, where the Client Account was temporarily blocked under paragraph 5.1(e) of PART B of this Client Agreement.
5.3 During the period for which the Client’s Account is blocked, the Company shall examine the circumstances and determine whether the Client Account ought to be either unblocked or closed.

5.4 In case the Client Account is closed the Company reserves the right to withhold, under the general right of lien under paragraph 2 of Part B of this Client Agreement for any period the Company considers necessary, any amount it considers appropriate in order to cover any possible legally binding claims that may occur in the future related to the Client, emanating from applicable law, compliance rules/card schemes/acquiring banks/payment processing services providers/payment services operators’ requirements, as well as if it is required by any relevant authorities.

5.5 The Client has the right to request the Company to temporarily block his Client Account by sending an email at support@iuxmarkets.com and/or by calling the Company, with a request to temporarily block the Client Account and giving in both cases the account’s phone password. The Company shall block the account within twenty four (24) hours after receiving the said request.

5.6 In order for the Company to unblock the Client Account, which was blocked further to the request of the Client, the Client shall either send email to support@iuxmarkets.com and/or call the Company with a request to unblock the account and also point out the account phone password. The Company shall unblock the Client Account within twenty four (24) hours after receiving the request.

6. Inactive and Dormant Client Accounts
6.1 If, for 30 (thirty) calendar days, there are no trades or non-trading operations (including agent operations) on a Client Account with a balance less than $10 (or the equivalent sum depending on the Currency of the Client Account), then the account will be archived.

6.2 When the Client Account is archived, all trades on the account will be archived as well and cannot be restored. However, at the client’s request, the company can provide a history of a requested account.

6.3 If the client has trades older than 35 (thirty five) calendar days, they will be combined and removed. The total of these trades is credited to the client’s account.

6.4 If the Client Account is inactive for four years or more, and after notifying the Client in its last known address, the Company reserves the right to close the Client Account and render it dormant.

6.5 Without derogation from the rest of the provisions of the Agreement, an account that has been archived in accordance with paragraph 6.1. Of Part B of the Client Agreement, may be restored, at the client’s request. Money in the archived account, shall remain owing to the Client and the Company shall make and retain records and return such funds upon request by the Client at any time thereafter.

6.6 Paragraphs 6.1 – 6.5 are only applicable in relation to MT4 and MT5 accounts.

6.7 Without prejudice to the above mentioned paragraphs, if there are no trades and/or non-trading operations (including agent operations) for a period of time determined in the Company’s sole discretion, partial or full scope restrictions/limitations may be placed on the Client’s Personal Area and/or Trading Account(s). In such a case, the Client shall be required
to follow the Company’s requests for documentation and/or information in order to regain full access to his/her Personal Area and/or Trading Accounts. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the above limitations/restrictions will impact the Client’s ability to withdraw funds.

7. Deposits and Withdrawals to/from the Client Account
7.1 The Client may deposit and withdraw funds into the Client Account at any time during the course of this Agreement by using any of the payment methods available in the Personal Area from time to time. Minimum deposit requirements as well as withdrawal commissions can be found in the Personal area. The Company shall not accept third party or anonymous payments in the Client Account.

7.2 The Client shall understand and agree that if he/she uses one method of payment he/she will use the same method to withdraw funds unless this is justified in the Company’s discretion. If multiple payment methods are being used, then the concept of proportionality shall apply. The Company shall set the requirements and order to be followed for withdrawals.

7.3 The Company shall have the right to request the Client at any time additional information and/or documentation to confirm the origin and/or source of funds deposited into the Client Account. The Company shall have the right to reject a deposit or a withdrawal of the Client if the Company is not duly satisfied with the information and/or documentation provided and/or collected.

7.4 The Company shall have the right to reject a deposit of the Client if the provisions of the transfer stated in the Personal Area are not followed.

7.5 The Company has the right to refuse deposit and withdrawal operations in the cases of the email, telephone number, identity , address and/or other information provided and/or collected is not fully verified by the Company or up to date.

7.6 If the Client makes a deposit, the Company shall credit the relevant Client Account with the relevant amount actually received by the Company as soon as practically possible after the amount is cleared in the relevant account of the Company.

7.7 If the funds sent by the Client are not deposited in the Client Account when they were supposed to, the Client shall notify the Company and request from the Company to make a transaction investigation of the transfer. The Client agrees that any charges of the investigation shall be paid by the Client and deducted from his Client Account or paid directly to the third party performing the investigation. The Client understands and agrees that in order to perform the investigation the Client shall have to provide the Company with the requested documents and certificates.

7.8 The Company will effect withdrawals of Client funds upon the Company receiving a relevant
request from the Client entered on the Client’s Personal Area.

7.9 Upon the Company receiving an instruction from the Client to withdraw funds from the Client Account, the Company shall process the transaction request without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than three (3) Business Days, if the following requirements are met:

A. The withdrawal instruction includes all necessary information;
B. The instruction is to make a transfer to the originating account from which the money was originally deposited in the Client Account or in case of disputable situation to an account belonging to the Client (following submission of the relevant evidence);
C. The account where the transfer is to be made belongs to the Client;
D. At the moment of payment, the Client has available funds in his Client Account;
E. There is no Force Majeure event which prohibits the Company from effecting the withdrawal.
F. The Client has satisfied any requests from the Company in relation to Know your Customer (KYC), etc.
7.10 It is agreed and understood that withdrawals will only be effected towards the Client. The Company does not permit withdrawals to any third party and/or to an anonymous account.

7.11 The Company reserves the right to decline a withdrawal request of the Client asking for a specific transfer method and the Company has the right to suggest an alternative.

7.12 All payment and/or transfer charges may be borne by the Client and the Company shall debit the relevant Client Account for these charges.

7.13 In the case of a Client Account being closed, its Balance will be withdrawn proportionally to the accounts, from which deposits were made.

7.14 Unlawful actions with bank cards and/or bank accounts and/or with any other depositing method, are exceptions to the aforementioned paragraph. In the case of unlawful action(s), the Company may refund the remaining Balance as it deems fit. Should an unlawful action occur, all data may be provided to the bank and/or credit institution and/or payment service provider and or similar as well as to law enforcement agencies and/or authorities.

7.15 In cases where the security type was changed, the Company retains the right to conduct withdrawal(s) after a three (3) Business Days’ period has passed, counting from the moment that the security type was changed.

7.16 Without prejudice to the rest of the provisions of the Client Agreement, where a bank card is used as the depositing method, the Company reserves the right to place withdrawal limits in its systems. For additional information regarding such withdrawal limits and withdrawal procedures, please refer to your Personal Area. The Company shall undertake to send funds to the Client’s account in accordance with the details stated in the request for withdrawal. The Company shall not be responsible for the transfer period.

7.17 In cases where more than ninety (90) days have elapsed since the Client’s trading account was funded by bank card and where during this period no withdrawal of funds has been made from the trading account, withdrawal of funds may be made only to the Client’s. same bank card and/or in any other method determined appropriate by the Company.

7.18 Without prejudice to the rest of the provisions of the Client Agreement, the Client may send request(s) for funds withdrawal from the Personal Area and the Company shall undertake to send funds to the Client’s account, in accordance with the details stated in the request. for withdrawal. The Company shall not be responsible for the period of transfer following execution of the withdrawal request.

7.19 The Client may request for a transfer of funds to another trading account, provided the latter trading account supports the relevant fund deposit/withdrawal method. Internal transfer shall be executed only between accounts of the same type, or between different types of accounts if the transfer amount is greater than the required minimum initial deposit.

7.20 The Company shall process the transfer of funds to another trading account in the currency of that trading account.

7.21 If during the transfer of the funds between trading accounts, the Company accidentally and/ or mistakenly, effects the said transfer to an incorrect trading account, the requested amount of the said transfer shall be refunded to the Client at the expense of the Company.

7.22 If an error in the request for the transfer of funds to another account was made by the Client and this resulted in the Company depositing in an incorrect trading account, the Client may not be refunded.

7.23 Any internal transfer may be declined by the Company without any reasoning in its sole discretion.

Part C: The Trading Platform
1. Technical Issues
1.1 The Client is solely responsible for obtaining and/or maintaining compatible equipment necessary to access and use the Trading Platform, which includes at least a personal computer, internet access and telephone and/or other access line. Access to the internet is an essential feature and the Client shall be solely responsible for any fees necessary, in order to ensure his connectivity to the internet.

1.2 The Client represents and warrants that he has installed and implemented appropriate means of protection relating to the security and integrity of his computer and that he has taken appropriate actions to protect his system from computer viruses or other similar harmful or inappropriate materials, devices, information or data that may potentially harm the Website, the Trading Platform or other systems of the Company. The Client further undertakes to protect
the Company from any wrongful transmissions of computer virus or other similarly harmful or
inappropriate material or device to the Company Trading Platform from his personal computer.

1.3 The Company will not be liable to the Client should his computer system fail, damage, destroy and/or format his records and data. Furthermore, if the Client incurs delays and any other form of data integrity problems that are a result of his hardware configuration or mismanagement, the Company shall not be liable.

1.4 The Company will not be liable for any such disruptions and/or delays and/or problems in
any communication experienced by the Client while using the Trading Platform.

2. Prohibited Actions on the Trading Platform
2.1 The Client shall not unlawfully access or attempt to gain access, reverse engineer or otherwise circumvent any security measures that the Company has applied to the Trading Platform.

2.2 The Client will use the Trading Platform only for the benefit of his Client Account and not on
behalf of any other person.

2.3 It is absolutely prohibited to take any of the following actions:

A. Use any software, which applies artificial intelligence analysis to the Company’s system and/or Trading Platform.
B. Intercept, monitor, damage or modify any communication which is not intended for him.
C. Use any type of spider, virus, worm, Trojan-horse, time bomb and/or any other codes and/or instructions that are designed to distort, delete, damage and/or disassemble the Trading Platform and/or the communication system or any system of the Company.
D. Send any unsolicited commercial communication not permitted under applicable law or Applicable Regulations.
E. Do anything that will, or may violate the integrity of the Company’s computer system or Trading Platform or cause such system(s) to malfunction.
F. Take any action that could probably allow the irregular and/or unauthorized access of the Trading Platform.
G. Use (or allow another person to use) any software, program, application or other device, directly or indirectly, to access or obtain information through the Trading Platform or automate the process of accessing or obtaining such information.
H. Use the Trading Platform in contravention of this Agreement.
2.4 Internet connectivity delays and price feed errors sometimes create a situation whereby the prices displayed on Trading Platform do not actually reflect the market rates. Trading strategies aimed at exploiting errors in prices and/or at concluding trades at off-market prices, or taking advantage of these internet delays are not permissible on the Trading Platform. If
the Company reasonably suspects based on the Client’s trading strategy or other behavior’s, that he deliberately and/or systematically exploits or attempts to exploit such errors in prices and/or off-market prices, the Company is entitled to take one or more of the following countermeasures:

A. Restrict or block Client’s access to the Trading Platform;
B. Terminate the Agreement immediately;
C. Close the Client Account immediately;
D. Take legal action for any losses suffered by the Company.
3. Safety of Access Data
3.1 Client is entitled to Access Data, so as to place Orders from his Client Account and perform various operations. The Client agrees to keep it secret and not to disclose any Access Data to any person.

3.2 The Client may change his Access Data on his Personal Area with the exception of username, email address, phone password.

3.3 The Client should not write down his Access Data. If the Client receives a written notification of his Access Codes, he must destroy the notification immediately.

3.4 The Client agrees to notify the Company immediately if he knows or suspects that his
Access Data has or may have been disclosed to any unauthorized person. The Company will then take steps to prevent any further use of such Access Data and will issue the Client with replacement Access Data. The Client will be unable to place any Orders or perform any non- trading operations until he receives the replacement Access Data.

3.5 The Client agrees that he will cooperate with any investigation the Company may conduct into any misuse or suspected misuse of his Access Data.

3.6 The Client acknowledges that the Company bears no responsibility if unauthorized third persons obtain access to information, including electronic addresses, electronic communication, personal data and Access Data when the above are transmitted between the parties and/or any other party, using the internet or other network communication facilities, post, telephone, or any other electronic means.

3.7 It is agreed and understood that all Orders made via the Trading Platform and non-trading operations on the Personal Area are deemed to have been made by the Client and are binding on the Client.

4. Intellectual Property
4.1 This Agreement does not convey an interest in, or to the Trading Platform but only a limited, non-exclusive right of use of the Trading Platform according to the terms of this Agreement.

4.2 Nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of the Company’s or any other third party’s intellectual property rights.

4.3 The Client is permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat and print the information made available to him through the Website or the Trading Platform. The Client is not permitted to publish, transmit, or otherwise reproduce that information, in whole or in part, in any
format to any third party without the Company’s express written consent. The Client must not alter, obscure or remove any copyright, trademark or any other notices that are provided in connection with the information.

4.4 The Client hereby agrees not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, modify, repair, develop or re-sell any part of the Trading Platform.

Part D: Trading Terms
1. Execution
1.1 The trading procedures of the Company (including but not limited to the types of Orders and way of execution) are detailed in the document “General Business Terms” found on the Company’s Website.

1.2 It is understood that in relation to individual transactions, depending on the type of Client Account held by each Client, the Company will either be executing Orders as a counterparty in the particular transaction in which case the Company will be the execution venue or it will be transmitting the Orders for execution to a third party (known as Straight Through Processing, STP), in which case the Company will not be acting as a counterparty in the transaction and the execution venue will be a third party.

1.3 Orders are placed by the Client with the Company with the use of Access Data on the
Trading Platform, through the Client’s compatible personal computer connected to the internet.
The Company will be entitled to rely and act on any Order given by using the Access Data on the Trading Platform without any further enquiry to the Client and any such Orders will be binding upon the Client.

1.4 The Company is under no obligation, unless otherwise agreed in the Agreement, to monitor or advise the Client on the status of any Transaction or to close out any Client’s Open Positions. It is agreed that if the Company decides to do so, this will be done on a discretionary basis and will not be considered an undertaking of an obligation to continue. It is the Client’s responsibility to monitor his positions at all times.

2. Decline of Client’s Orders, Requests and Instructions
2.1 Without prejudice to any other provisions herein, the Company is entitled to decline or refuse to accept and/or transmit or arrange for the execution of any Order of the Client in CFDs, for any good reason including but not limited in any of the following cases as applicable to CFDs:

A. If the Order precedes the first Quote in the Trading Platform on the market opening;
B. Under abnormal market conditions;
C. If the Client has recently made an unreasonable number of requests in comparison to the number of Transactions;
D. If the Client’s Free Margin is less than the Initial Margin or the Necessary Margin or there are no available cleared funds deposited in the Client Account to pay all the charges of the particular Order;
E. It is impossible to proceed with an Order due to its size or price, or the proposed Transaction is of such a size (too small or too large), that the Company does not wish to accept that Order, or the Company believes that it will not be able to hedge the proposed Transaction in the Underlying Market, or it is impossible for the Order to be executed due to the conditions of the relevant Underlying Market;
F. Where the Company suspects that the Client is engaged in money laundering activities or terrorist financing or other criminal acts;
G. In consequence of any request made by the regulatory and/or supervisory authorities of Seychelles and/or further to a court order;
H. Where the legality or genuineness of the Order is under doubt;
I. There is absence of essential detail of the Order or the Order is not clear or has more than one interpretation;
J. The Transaction Size is less than the minimum Transaction Size for the particular CFD as indicated in the Contract Specifications;
K. A Quote is not obtained from the Company or the Quote obtained by the Company is an Indicative Quote or the Quote is manifestly erroneous or Quote is an Error Quote (Spike);
L. Internet connections or communications are disrupted;
M. A Force Majeure Event has occurred;
N. In a suspected or actual Event of Default of the Client;
O. The Company has sent a notice of Termination of the Agreement to the Client;
P. The Client has failed to meet a Margin Call of the Company;
Q. The Client Account is temporarily blocked or is rendered dormant or is closed.
3. Margin Requirements
3.1 The Client must deposit and maintain the Initial Margin and/or Hedged Margin in the amount
established by the Company at the time the position is opened.

3.2 It is the Client’s responsibility to ensure that he understands how Margin is calculated.

3.3 The Company has the right to change Margin requirements with prior notice to the Client. In this situation the Company has the right to apply new Margin requirements to the new positions and to the positions which are already open.

3.4 Lower Margin requirements for a specific Financial Instrument apply to all positions opened
for this Financial Instrument.

3.5 The Company reserves the right to increase the size of Margin requirements, before the close of the market before weekends and holidays. Information about the time frames during which increased Margin requirements are in effect is published in the Client’s Personal Area and/ or on the Company’s Website.

3.6 Increasing the amount of hedging in Market Maker accounts (and for the Underlying Assets that are subject to Hedged Margin) will result in a reduction of Margin requirements for new hedging orders.

3.7 Reducing the amount of hedging in Market Maker accounts (and for the Underlying Assets that are subject to Hedged Margin) is treated as opening a new position and will result in a proportional (based on the amount) change in Margin requirements on previously opened positions for the corresponding financial instrument.

3.8 The Margin requirements applicable to the different CFDs can be found in the Contract Specifications section on the Website at https://www.iuxmarkets.com/contractspecifications/. If at any time the Equity falls below a certain percentage of the Necessary Margin, specified in the Contract Specifications section on the Website, the Company has the right to close any, or all
of the Client’s Open Positions without the Client’s consent or any prior Written Notice to him. In order to determine if the Client has breached this paragraph, any sums referred to therein which are not denominated in the Currency of the Client Account shall be treated as if they were denominated in the Currency of the Client Account by converting them into the Currency of the Client Account, at reasonable exchange rates as the Company will select, having regards to the prevailing market rates.

3.9 If a Margin Call notification is sent to the Client Terminal, the Client will not be able to open any new positions, except where permitted by the Company, hedging position(s) to reduce margin. If the Client fails to meet the Margin Call, his Open Positions are closed starting from the most unprofitable.

3.10 The Client has the responsibility to notify the Company as soon as he believes that he will be unable to meet a Margin Call payment when due.

3.11 Margin must be paid in monetary funds in the Currency of the Client Account.

3.12 The Client undertakes neither to create nor to have outstanding any security interest whatsoever over, nor to agree to assign or transfer, any of the Margin transferred to the Company.

4. Trailing Stop, Expert Advisor and Stop Loss Orders
4.1 The Client agrees that trading operations using additional functions of the Client Trading Terminal such as Trailing Stop and/or Expert Advisor and/or any other automated processes are executed completely under the Client’s responsibility, as they depend directly on his trading terminal and the Company bears no responsibility whatsoever.

4.2 The Client agrees that placing a Stop Loss Order will not necessarily limit losses to the intended amounts, because market conditions may make it impossible to execute such an Order at the stipulated price and the Company bears no responsibility whatsoever.

5.Trade Confirmations and Reporting
5.1 The Company will provide the Client with online access to his Client Account via the Trading Platform, which will provide him with sufficient information including information on Order(s) status, Client Account status, Balance in the Client Account and trade confirmations in respect of each executed Order.

5.2 Trade confirmations will be available on the Trading Platform prior to the close of the back office on the Business Day following the day on which the order is executed.

5.3 If the Client has a reason to believe that the confirmation is inconsistent or if the Client does not receive any confirmation (though the Transaction was made), the Client shall contact the Company. Trade confirmations shall, in the absence of manifest error, be deemed conclusive unless the Client notifies the Company in writing to the contrary within two (2) Business Days following the day of receipt of the said trade confirmation.

Part E: CFD Trading Terms
1. CFD Order Execution
1.1 Orders can be placed, executed and (if allowed) changed or removed within the trading hours for each CFD appearing on the Company’s Website, as amended by the Company from time to time and if they are not executed they shall remain effective through the next trading session (as applicable). All open spot positions will be rolled over to the next Business Day at the close of business in the relevant Underlying Market, subject to the Company’s rights to close the open spot position. Any open forward positions will be rolled over at the expiry of the relevant period into the next relevant period subject to the Company’s rights to close the open forward position.

1.2 The Company shall not be obliged to arrange for the execution of the Client’s Orders in respect of any CFD out of normal trading hours which appear on the Company’s Website.

1.3 Orders shall be valid in accordance with the type and time of the given Order, as specified by the Client. If the time of validity of the order is not specified, it shall be valid for an indefinite period. However, the Company may delete one or all Pending Orders if the Client Account Equity reaches zero and/or for any other justifiable reason.

1.4 Orders cannot be changed or removed if a trade confirmation is sent or they are executed or being executed or the market is closed. The Client has no right to change or remove Sell Limit and Take Profit if the price has reached the level of the Order Execution.

1.5 The Client may change the expiration date of Pending Orders.

2. Quotes
2.1 The Company provides Quotes by taking into account the Underlying Asset price, but this does not mean that these Quotes are within any specific percentage of the Underlying Asset price. When the relevant Underlying Market is closed, the Quotes provided by the Company will reflect what the Company thinks to be the current Bid and Ask price of the relevant Underlying Asset at that time. The Client acknowledges that such Quotes will be set by the Company at its absolute discretion.

2.2 It is understood that Quotes on the Client Terminal are Indicative Quotes and Slippage may
occur.

2.3 In the event that the Company is unable to proceed with the execution of an Order, with regard to its price or size or for any other reason, the Company may send a re-quote to the Client with the price it is willing to deal.

2.4 The Company will delete Error Quotes (Spikes) from the Trading Server’s Quotes Base.

2.5 The Company has the right not to provide Quotes and not execute Orders in case when the
price of Underlying Asset becomes negative.

3. Leverage
3.1 The Company has the right to change the Client Account leverage (higher or lower) without prior notice according to the conditions described on the Website of the Company at www. iuxmarkets.com

3.2 An automatic change in Leverage pursuant to the rules established by the Company, as well as a change in Leverage made by the Client through his/her Personal Area will result in a recalculation of the Margin requirements for all of the Client’s positions.

3.3 The Company has the right:

A. To set the leverage on the client’s trading account at no more than 1:300 during periods of severe market volatility. Before important economic news announcements, and 1 (one) hour before market close on weekends and public holidays, and 1 (one) hour after market opens. It will affect only new buy and sell orders. If the current leverage of the trading account exceeds 1:300, this change will affect transactions that will be opened within the said 1 (one) hour and 1 (one) hour period.
B. To limit the size of the offered leverage and/or to increase the size of Margin requirements before macroeconomic events and/or news capable of significantly affecting the prices of financial instruments.
3.4 The information about leverage changing is in the Personal Area. If the information on the Website contradicts information in the Personal Area, the priority is information in the Personal Area.

4. Financing Charges
4.1 Some CFDs available with the Company may have a daily financing charge. Financing Charges for different types of CFDs appear in the Contract Specifications.

5. Swap
5.1 Swap is calculated according to the Contract Specification found on the Company’s Website. The Client may use the “Trader Calculator” on the Website in order to calculate the cost of Swap for a specific trade.

5.2 Where applicable, Swap operations are carried out daily on 22.00 (GMT+0) in Winter and 22.00 (BST+1) in Summer according to the time of the Client Terminal. On Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday the cost of the Swap operation is added to/charged off the Client Account. On Wednesday, the triple cost of the Swap operation is added to/charged off the Client Account, except on Saturday and Sunday. Swap may change daily and might be subject to additional price adjustments.
Day	       - Time	        - Swap Calculation
Monday	   - Server Time	- Standard
Tuesday	   - Server Time	- Standard
Wednesday  - Server Time	- Triple
Thursday   - Server Time	- Standard
Friday     - Server Time	- Standard
Saturday   - Server Time	- Not applied
Sunday     - Server Time	- Not applied

5.3 The Company maintains the right to change Swap for any Underlying Asset at any time with or without prior notification to the Client. The applicable Swap will be reflected on the Metatrader 5 and it is the Client’s responsibility to monitor and always be aware of Swap charges.

5.4 Subject to paragraph 5.3 of Part E of the Client Agreement, If the Client has a Swap free Client Account, no Swap or roll over charges will be applied to trading positions overnight. Any charges applicable to Swap-free Client Accounts appear in the Contract Specifications or on the Company’s Website.

5.5 Standard, Standard+, Pro, and Raw account types are initially designated as Swap-free, with the exception of Cent accounts, which are initially designated as Swap charges. The Swap charge on Standard, Standard+, Pro, and Raw accounts is subsequently determined by the liquidity provider’s algorithm. Which considers customer trades. Swap-free Client Account status and/or Swap-free levels might be automatically assigned to the Client at the liquidity provider’s discretion and Client shall not have the right to decline, modify or cancel any of them. The liquidity provider’s reserves the right to change, modify or cancel the Swap-free Client Account and/or Swap-free levels at its discretion at any time.

5.6 Clients who already have Swap charged accounts: If a client opens a new Standard, Standard+, Pro, and Raw account, the new account will initially be designated as Swap-free. The conditions under which it will be converted to a Swap account are subject to paragraph 5.5 of Part E

5.7 During the Account Opening process, Clients from Islamic Countries will be considered as eligible for a Swap-free Account. This is determined according to the identification country of the Client on the Account Opening Application Form. Includes Malaysia, Indonesia, Canada, Myanmar, Kenya, Nigeria, Ghana, Mexico, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Ecuador and India. Clients from non-Islamic countries will be automatically eligible for a Swap-Free Account once open a new account. Subsequently, their swap status will be determined by the liquidity provider’s algorithm based on their trading activity, which may result in a change to the status of swaps. Non-Islamic countries in this context encompass Thailand, Vietnam, Japan, Laos, the Philippines, Singapore, Hong Kong, China, various African nations, and Brazil.

5.8 The Company in its discretion may change the Underlying Assets available for Swap-free Client Accounts. Moreover, the Company may in its sole discretion change the account types and/or the Underlying Assets eligible for Swap-free status.

5.9 The Company reserves the right to change, modify or cancel the Swap-free Client Account and/or Swap-free levels at its discretion at any time, the Company may in its sole discretion change the account types and/or the Underlying Assets eligible for Swap-free.

5.10 The Company reserves the right to cancel, amend, terminate Swap-free status of Client’s Account and/or Swap-free levels at its sole discretion and without prior notice without bearing any responsibility or liability in this regard.

5.11 The Company reserves the right to disable and/or enable Swap-free trading for Client’s Trading account at any given time, without being obliged to provide any explanation or justification, if it has enough reasons to believe that the Client’s trading strategy imposes a threat to the Company’s smooth operation of its trading facilities or where the Client is abusing the Company’s systems and trading conditions without genuine interest in market exposure / speculation.

5.12 The Company reserves the right to take any of the following actions, at any time, in the event that detects any form of abuse, fraud, manipulation, cash-back arbitrage, carry trades, or other forms of deceitful or fraudulent activity in regard to any Swap-free Account of any client, (a) with immediate effect, to revoke the Swap-free status from any and all real trading accounts of such a client and charge the relevant swap; (b) to correct and recover any un-accrued Swap and any related un-accrued interest expenses and/or costs pertaining to any and all of such client’s Swap-free trading accounts during the period for which such Accounts were Swap-free trading accounts; and/or (c), with immediate effect, to close all trading accounts of such client, nullify all trades carried out in such client’s trading accounts and cancel all profits or losses garnered in such client’s trading accounts and/or change the client’s trading conditions or restrict the opening/modification/closing of trades.

6. Lots
6.1 The 1 (one) standard lot size is the measurement unit specified for each CFD. The Company may offer standard lots, micro-lots and mini-lots, in its discretion, as defined from time to time in the Contract Specifications or the Company’s Website.

Part F: Social Trading
1. Introduction
PART F is applicable only to those Clients who use the Social Trading service.

2. Investor
2.1 The Investor, by following a Strategy of a Strategy Provider, hereby agrees to the following:

A. To authorize and instruct the Strategy Provider to act on his/her behalf in accordance with the specific Strategy in connection to the Investment Account;
B. To authorize and instruct the Company to take any necessary action to follow the Strategy of the Strategy Provider selected by the Investor;
C. Any Strategy selected to be followed by the Investor should be followed in the proportion of the funds of the Investor in the Investment Account;
D. To authorize and instruct the Company to transfer the Strategy Provider’s commission from the Investment Account to the account allocated by the Strategy Provider for this purpose at the end of each Social Trading Period.
2.2 Details and/or information in relation to the Investor‘s trading activities while using the Social Trading service shall be available on the Social Trading website and/or Social Trading mobile application.

2.3 The Investor may start copying a Strategy, deposit and transfer funds and/or withdraw any available funds to and from his/her Investment Account in accordance with the procedures and restrictions available from time to time on the Social Trading mobile applications and/or Website and/or any other website maintained by the Company for Social Trading and subject to the Agreement.

2.4 The Investor can transfer the funds allocated for following a specific Strategy from his/her
Investment Account after he/she stops following a Strategy.

2.5 The Investor may stop following Strategy at any time during the time the market is open and the relevant Open Position(s) shall be closed at market price.

2.6 The Company reserves the right at its absolute discretion to close any or all Open Position(s) of a Strategy Provider at any time and the Investor’s Account shall be adjusted accordingly.

2.7 The Social Trading system may close any or all Open Position(s) of an Investor at any time.

2.8 The Investor may deposit via the payment systems/methods available by the Company for the Social Trading service from time to time.

2.9 The Investor acknowledges and accepts that by following a Strategy of a specific Strategy Provider he/she accepts the commission and Leverage set by the respective Strategy Provider.

2.10 The Investor acknowledges and understands that he/she should always maintain the required Balance reflected in his/her Investment Account in order to follow the specific Strategy selected.

2.11 The Investor acknowledges and agrees that once he/she selects to start following and copying a specific Strategy, all the existing Open Positions under that particular Strategy will automatically be followed and copied by the Investor together with any further new trading orders performed by the Strategy Provider under the specific Strategy.

2.12 The Investor acknowledges and accepts that variations in the pricing may occur from the moment that the Investor selects to copy a specific Strategy to the actual moment that the Investor starts copying such a Strategy.

2.13 In addition to clause 11.1 of Part A of the current Agreement, each of the following constitutes an “Event of Default” for the Investor: The Investor has carried out trading through Social Trading:

A. Which can be characterized as excessive, without legitimate intent, to profit from market movements;
B. While relying on price latency or arbitrage opportunities;
C. Which can be considered as market abuse;
D. During abnormal market/trading conditions.
2.14 If an Event of Default occurs the Company may, at its absolute discretion, at any time and without prior Written Notice, take one or more of the following actions in addition to Clause 11.2 of Part A:

A. Adjust the Investor’s trading account balance to remove illicit profit;
B. Freeze and/or terminate and/or block the Strategy Provider’s Strategy and/or deny access to Social Trading.
3. Strategy Provider
3.1 In order to create and maintain a Strategy the Strategy Provider should:

A. Choose a name for the Strategy;
B. Describe the Strategy;
C. Set the commission;
D. Choose the Leverage of the Strategy from the options provided by the Company from time to time;
E. Set a password for the operation of the Strategy Provider’s Account;
F. Deposit and maintain in the Strategy Provider’s account the minimum amount set by the Company from time to time;
G. Provide any other information required by the Company from time to time.
3.2 The Company reserves the right to reject and/or block the visibility of a proposed and/or existing Strategy for any reason including without limitation the below:

A. The provided description of the Strategy is not in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement and/or any other regulation of the Company and/or it contains illegal and/or unethical references, and/or it contains personal or other information not related to the Strategy, and/or does not make sense and/or lacks consistency and/or provides misleading information;
B. The selected name for a Strategy is misleading and/or insulting and/or contains racist or religious references and/or refers to illegal actions, and/or does not respect certain morality or ethical standards;
C. The selected picture connected to a Strategy presents a minor (child) and/or is inappropriate and/or is misleading and/or insulting of a race and/or any religion and/or refers to illegal actions, and/or does not respect certain morality standards and/or is unethical;
D. The Strategy Provider’s account does not have sufficient funds as per the minimum requirements of the specific Social Trading account type;
E. The Strategy Provider’s account has not been fully verified in accordance with paragraph 3.2 of Part A;
F. The Strategy Provider’s Strategy has been inactive and/or has no trading activity upon it for more than seven (7) calendar days
G. For any other reason considered as relevant and appropriate by the Company in its sole discretion.
3.3 The Company reserves the right at its absolute discretion to close any or all Open Position(s) of a Strategy Provider at any time.

3.4 The Strategy Provider understands and accepts that he/she shall not be able to withdraw any of his/her own funds in and from his/her Strategy Provider’s account while his/her specific Strategy has any Open Positions.

3.5 In addition to clause 11 of Part A of the current Agreement each of the following constitutes an “Event of Default” for the Strategy Provider:

A. If the Strategy Provider’s Strategy is carrying excessive risk for a long period of time;
B. If the Strategy Provider’s description of the Strategy does not match the actual trading conditions;
C. The Strategy Provider has carried out trading:
1. Which can be characterized as excessive and/or without legitimate intent, to profit from market movements;

2. While relying on price latency and/or arbitrage opportunities;

3. Which can be considered in the Company’s sole discretion as market abuse;

4. During abnormal market/trading conditions.

3.6 If an Event of Default occurs the Company may, at its absolute discretion, at any time with or without Written Notice, take any of the following actions in addition to clause 11.2 Part A:

A. Freeze and/or terminate and/or block the Strategy Provider’s Strategy and/or deny access to Social Trading;
B. Request to make amendments on the description of the Strategy.
3.7 The Strategy Provider’s commission is calculated and paid to the Strategy Provider at the end of the Social Trading Period connected with each Strategy.

3.8 The Strategy Provider’s commission may be determined by the Strategy Provider for each Strategy but may not exceed 50% of the Investor’s Profit. The Strategy Provider’s commission shall not be changed after the specific Strategy is created.

3.9 The Strategy Provider shall receive the Strategy
Provider’s commission for the positive returns of Investors in USD currency, which is calculated as indicated on the Company’s Website and/or on the Social Trading mobile application.

3.10 In the event that an Investor stops following a specific Strategy of a Strategy Provider before the end of the Social Trading Period, the Strategy Provider’s commission is calculated at the time of Strategy closing at the current market price.

4. Social Trading Acknowledgement of Risk and Consents
4.1 The Company does not provide any guarantee as to the performance of any Strategy.

4.2 Any description and/or information in relation to a Strategy is not considered as confidential
and/or personal information.

4.3 The Company reserves the right at any time with or without notice to close and/or pause and/or suspend and/or stop copying any Strategy Provider’s account(s), and/or Strategy and/or Order either of the Investor or Strategy Provider.

4.4 Performance statistics represented in relation to Strategy Providers and/or Strategies are historical and the Company does not guarantee any profit for the Investor; past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results and the Investor is recommended to decide on the selection of a Strategy by reviewing the actual history and/or performance of the Strategy.

4.5 The Strategy Provider acknowledges that the Company may use and/or pass and/or process information in relation to the Strategy Provider’s Strategy in the Company’s group of companies and/or external companies and/or consultants.

About Terms and Conditions LotBack :
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of using the LotBack program It is an agreement between IUX MARKETS, hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, and the Client who has registered for membership with the Company. Hereinafter referred to as the “customer”, Royal Plus’s terms of benefits may affect the customer’s rights. Which customers should read and understand carefully If you have any questions about the company’s services. Customers can contact the company directly with the company. Details of terms and conditions are as follows.

What is the “LotBack” program status?
LotBack program status Will be given to customers who use the service with IUX MARKETS Where trading will earn LotBack points Which can be redeemed for credit or cash for use in trading And LotBack program status Can increase or decrease levels According to the requirements of this document.

How is the LotBack value calculated?
LotBack Points Can be redeemed for credit with the details as follows 1 Point = 1$ Credit = 0.5$ Balance

For example, if you have 100 Points, you can use them to exchange $100 for trading credit or $50 for real money.

How to get LotBack program status?
Royal Plus status will be given to all clients who have their first deposit with IUX MARKETS By the customer’s Royal Plus program will be activated And clients will receive Rising star status. Customers can start accumulating trading days immediately. Every order must hold 5 minutes or more, you will earn points. For each standard lot that you have traded, you will receive Standard and Standard+ account.

0.3 Point/ 1 Lotsize
0.5 Point/ 1 Lotsize
0.8 Point/ 1 Lotsize
Rising Star, Champion and Elite respectively, the higher your LotBack status. The more LotBack points you will be able to collect, the more bonus you can get.

How many levels of LotBack program are there and how are they different?

There are 3 levels of LotBack program status, each with different points earned per trade per 1 lot, detailed below:

Rising star level will be received 0.3 Points per 1 standard Lot for standard and standard+ account.
Champion level will be received 0.5 points per 1 standard lot for standard and standard+ account.
Elite level will be received 0.8 Points per 1 standard Lot for standard and standard+ account.
How can I level up my LotBack program status?

LotBack program status can be increased through cumulative trades. When the first trading deposits deposited, the client will receive Rising star status and the status escalation can be done as follows.

Rising star status will be upgraded to Champion after 30 days of trading.(Cumulative trading days)
Champion status will be upgraded to Elite after 60 days of trading. (Cumulative trading days)
Can the LotBack program state be demoted?
After your account has been inactive, your Royal Plus status will expire and be downgraded as detailed below.

Elite status will be reduced to Champion status after 30 days of inactivity.
Champion status will be reduced to Rising star state after 30 days of inactivity.
Risk warning
1. Users are advised to trade carefully, even if the bonus funds are available to assist in placing orders.
2. Users are well aware of the risks involved in trading in the CFDs market, although there are bonus funds to help make an order, they should trade with caution. The company is not responsible for any Against the imprudence of users.
3. You will get LotBack only when trading using the balance part, e.g. balance $100, Credit $100 at leverage 1: 1000. With this condition When opening an order for 2 lots, you will get LotBack just 1 Lot because Margin of balance $100 can open orders for only 1 lot. In addition, you have to hold orders for more than 5 minutes. XRPUSD is a product that does not participate in LotBack promotion.
4. Asset that do not participate in the LotBack program

Stock	- Index	   - Crypto
AAPL    - AUS200   - ADAUSD
ADBE    - DE30     - BATUSD
AMD     - DXY      - BCHUSD
AMGN    - FR40     - BNBUSD
AMT     - HK50     - DOTUSD
AMZN    - S&P500   - ETHUSD
ATVI    - STOXX50  - LTCUSD
AVGO    - UK100    - SOLUSD
BA      - US30     - UNIUSD
BABA    - USTEC    - XTZUSD
BAC                - AVAUSD
BIIB               - ATMUSD
CME
COST
CVS
CITI
EA
EBAY
EQIX
FB
GILD
GOOGL
HD
IBM
INTC
INTU
JNJ
JPM
KO
LMT
MA
MCD
MMM
MS
MSFT
NFLX
NKE
NVDA
ORCL
PEP
PFE
PYPL
SBUX
TMUS
TSLA
UNH
UPS
VRTX
VZ
Visa
WFC
WMT
XOM
Ford
BMY
CHTR
CMCSA
CSX
MDLZ
MO
PG
PM
REGN
T
TMO
V

About Security of Verification Code :
IUX MARKETS Terms and Conditions
This Agreement includes the terms and conditions of all provisions of the Company’s services in the World of financial markets and instruments financial statements, both present and non-existent in the market

IUX MARKETS agreement should be read carefully from the customers of the company. Because it determines the conditions of operating both related and unrelated to trading, including relations in general between customers and company by providing information on how to register on the website or in application available on mobile devices and create a Personal. Area on the company website, the client has confirmed and confirmed that they are familiar with all the provisions of the agreement. And the terms of service IUX MARKETS understand the meaning of the album plays important role against it and unconditionally accept the agreement. Company policies and documents referenced in this document, rules and regulations for the use and protection of customer personal information will be governed by the company’s privacy policy.

Customer agreement
1. Contract
1.1 This contract is made under the conditions of the company’s service, the company must do the following for the company’s customers, operate in the financial market for customers, financial transaction fees for customers for the whole company and The client is required to conduct financial transactions as specified in this contract.

1.1.1 In the event that the client is an adult under the law, the client has the right to allow the company to perform transactions with the client’s trading account.
1.1.2 transactions with the customer’s trading account will be subject to the terms of this agreement.
1.1.3 In the event that there is a change or correction of personal information or expired identity documents, the customer must notify the company within 3 business days for the said change or expiration. Notifications must be sent by email. with first and last names of customers, account numbers, phone numbers and passport or annual leave each with a valid proof of the customer and the recent housing. The notification must be a name, scan and send to support@iuxmarkets.com From the email that the client sent during their account registration, the company has the right to request other confirmation documents to confirm the client and comply with the regulations relevant to your client. Delay or failure to comply with this clause will be a violation of this agreement by the customer and may lead to customer account closure.
1.2 The statement of client

1.2.1 The customer acknowledges and certifies that he has a right to enter into this agreement in order to comply with the terms and conditions specified in this document and shall not be restricted or prohibited to enter into a contract or anything else to enter into or perform under this agreement and the execution and the operating Company in accordance with this agreement will not infringe or violate any other agreement between the Company and the other parties any more.
1.2.2 expressly understand and agree that the company will use to monitor the activities of their customers and ensure the consistency of behavior and activities Purchase of customers on TH Infantry platform of the company.
1.2.3 The customer agrees that he understands and agrees with all the terms and conditions.
SMS or OTP Terms of Use
2.1 Our company will keep your phone number private and will not share to any third-party company.

2.2 OTP or SMS will only be sent to your phone number to verify the deposit or to verify your account.

2.3 You are not allowed to use other’s phone number to verify.

2.4 You can change your phone number to receive OTP or SMS Anytime.


About Terms and Conditions $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus :
1. General terms
1.1 Conditions to get a $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus are determined under the company’s terms and conditions.

1.2 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus is under the company’s terms and conditions which is different from the other bonus. The condition to receive a $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus is subjected to the terms and conditions contained herein.

1.3  The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus is for introductory purposes only for new clients and The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus will be only in the Welcome Standard Account, without having to make a deposit.

1.4 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus can only be claimed once per user, and it is available in some countries.

1.5 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus has different trading conditions from the real account type. The trading conditions are as specified by the company. If the client wants to review the trading conditions, they can check it at the “Withdrawal Condition (!) ” button on the Account page on the dashboard of IUX Markets official website.

1.6 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus has no expiration but this account will be removed when the account balance equals zero equity or when the client withdraws all profit successfully. Client cannot reactivate this account after that condition.

1.7 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus is available in USD only.

1.8 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus is automatically created after the client has completed open this account only once the identity and bank verification has been approved successfully.

1.9 IUX Markets Limited. reserves the right to reject the $30 Welcome Standard  Account Bonus . If the IP Address is duplicated, the company will be deemed to be in violation of the conditions and immediately disqualified from receiving the bonus.

1.10 The Initial $30 in the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus can be used in your trading and the profits from it can be withdrawn. However, the bonus itself cannot be withdrawn.

1.11 The minimum and maximum amount of profit that can be withdrawn can be checked at the “Withdraw Condition” button on the dashboard IUX Markets official website

1.12  Each Client can make only one request to withdraw profit from the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus.

1.13  Acceptance and agreement to comply with such changes, modifications, and/or changes constitutes receipt of the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus. Including all the Company’s Terms and Conditions.

1.14  IUX Markets has the sole right to determine any partial or complete match of IP address or other signs, we will delete the Client’s $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus. Including consolidated profit and loss.

1.15 Terms and Conditions of the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus in the English version will be considered. Due to differences in translation from other languages, there may be discrepancies.

1.16 Only positions that last longer than 5 minutes will be considered for these conditions.

1.17 This bonus cannot be transferred from one account to another or internally transferred.

1.18 The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus will not be able to receive the commission from partner programs, LotBack.

1.19  If you are close the partial of the position, the company are not allow to use that position considering along with the withdrawal condition, but the balance will be continue counted as profit or loss normally.

1.20 If client hedging on the positions they are opened, we will consider only the first closed position on the “Withdraw Condition”.

1.21 All profits earned and withdrawn from the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus are deemed to be null and void, if the account holder has provided incorrect, false or misleading information during the registration process.

1.22  Any disputes or likely misunderstandings that may occur as a result of the Campaign terms will be resolved by the IUX Markets Limited. in a way that presents the fairest solution to all parties involved. Once such a decision has been made, it shall be regarded as final and/or binding for all parties.

1.23 Clients agree that information provided during the registration process may be used by the Company both within the context of the Credit Account Campaign and for any other marketing purposes.

2. Conditions to obtain the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus
2.1 The person who can receive the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus must be a new client and have not yet opened an account with IUX Markets.

2.2 Clients have to verify for both identification and bank account, and successfully open the Welcome Standard Bonus Account.

3. Conditions to withdraw
3.1  All positions must be closed before withdrawal can be made.

3.2  The client can make only one request to withdraw profit from the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus.

3.3 Once the withdrawal is successful, the credit account will be closed permanently.

4. Conditions considering the invited client by invitation link
4.1 The invited client must have not yet opened an account with IUX Markets, as known as new client.

4.2 The amount of invited person will be counted only when the invited person is verified for both identification and bank account, and successfully opened the Welcome Standard Bonus Account.

5. Terms of Eligibility
5.1 This offer is available for IUX Markets in accordance with other business terms and policies. It is available to customers who meet the criteria set by the company.

5.2 IUX Markets offers “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” to clients in some countries, at their discretion and appropriate territories, and to the extent that IUX Markets deems it to be available.

5.3 All rights are reserved only for clients who can perform their legally enforceable contracts under applicable local laws and are in the “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus”.

5.4 Participants in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” must be over 18 years of age or eligible in the client’s country of residence. If clients are minors, they are not eligible to join the program.

5.5 This bonus can be used by restricting IP addresses, if the IP is duplicated, the company will be deemed to be in breach of conditions and disqualified immediately.

5.6 It is restricted to participate as “Middleman/Associated” in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus”. If you registered in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” which contains registration without restrictions, IP addresses of other participants in the “ “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus”, IUX Markets reserves the right to determine whether this contest is effective immediately. “Middleman/ Associated” when used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context stipulates otherwise. Including any person or entity that has a relationship with a participant in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” are:

a. Family members such as siblings, spouse, ancestors, descendants and descendants’ collateral
b. Individuals or entities participating in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” either directly or indirectly through one or more middleman whether directly or indirectly Intermediaries are controlled by or subject to regulations with participant in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” For purposes herein, the term “control” (including the relationship of “control by” and “by regulation”) applies to any condition in “The $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus” means ownership either directly or indirectly by one or more middlemen who have the power to lead the management policy of a person or entity.
6. Risk Warning
6.1 Clients should take full consideration before trading, though the bonus can be used to benefit to place orders.

6.2 Clients must be well aware of the risks in trading in the CFDs market, though the bonus can be used to benefit to place orders. Clients should be careful in trading. Any error caused by the carelessness of clients, the company is not responsible in all cases

* The Company reserves the right to change, modify, or cancel the $30 Welcome Standard Account Bonus at any time.

About Terms and conditions for 35% deposit bonus : 
1. General terms
1.1 35% deposit bonus is determined under this document.

1.2 35% deposit bonus will be under this document which is different from a $30 account
opening bonus. This document is used for a 35% deposit bonus.

1.3 In order to receive a 35% bonus, you need to be verified.

1.4 35% deposit bonus can only be received maximum$300 per 1 user

1.5 35% deposit bonus is non-withdrawable.

1.6 35% deposit bonus can be used in trading and withdrawing the profits under “Conditions to Use the Promotions”

1.7 The company reserves the right to give the 35% deposit bonus as follows:

1.7.1 Those who did not verify with the company
1.7.2 Those who verified, but the confirmation is not complete as required by the company.
1.7.3 Those who already received the bonus.
1.7.4 Those who use others’ information to open an account and verify.
1.7.5 Those who violated the terms and conditions of the company and clients who are likely to cause damage to the company as the company deems appropriate.
1.7.6 Those who own Standard, Pro and Raw accounts.
2. Conditions to Use the Promotion
2.1 35% deposit bonus can be used in trading as usual.

2.2 35% deposit bonus can be used with a $30 account opening bonus and balance as usual.

2.3 35% deposit bonus can be withdrawn through profits. In the event that the balance is greater than credit, the bonus amount will be withdrawn in the amount equal to the amount
withdrawn.

2.4 For 35% deposit bonus, when the balance is being withdrawn; in case the credit amount is greater than the balance, the bonus will be withdrawn in 1:1 ratio of the withdrawal amount.

3. Risk Warning
3.1 Users should carefully consider when trading, even if the bonus funds can be used as benefits.

3.2 Users should be well-aware about the risks in the CFDs market. Though users have bonus funds benefits, users should trade with caution. The company will not be responsible for the carelessness of users.

4. Terms of Eligibility
4.1 This offer is available to the IUX MARKETS in accordance with its terms and other business policies without prejudice. Customers who meet the eligibility criteria for the offer (“Eligible Customers”) as set forth in the following section hereafter.

4.2 “Trading Bonus Program” may be offered by IUX MARKETS occasionally for clients who open a real trading account with IUX MARKETS. In case such clients are referred to IUX MARKETS via a specific website and/ or social network site in means of some specific promotion and/ or the surveys from IUX MARKETS’s website and/ or social network’s site

4.3 IUX MARKETS offers a “Trading bonus program” to clients and/or countries based on reasonable discretion/area as it deems appropriate and to the extent that IUX MARKETS deems it to be provided.

4.4 Reserved all rights for clients who can comply with a contract that is legally binding only under applicable law in the country in which resides in “Trading bonus program” unlimitedly. Participants in “Trading bonus program” must be above 18 years old or eligible age in countries clients are residing (Minor). If you are minor, you cannot participate in this program

4.5 It is restricted to participate as “middle person/ associated person” in the “Trading bonus program”. If you are registered in the “Trading bonus program” consisting with the registration without limitation, the IP addresses of other participants in the “Trading bonus program”, IUX MARKETS reserves the right to determine whether this match is valid immediately. For purposes herein, the term “middle person/ associated person” when used in these Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise required by the context, includes any person or entity with a relationship with participants in any “Trading Bonus Program”, including without limitation:

a.) family members such as brothers, sisters, spouses, ancestors, descendants and collateral offspring;
b.) person or legal entity participating in “Trading Bonus Program”, either directly or indirectly through one or more middle people, directly or indirectly. Middleman is controlled by or under regulation with participants in the “Trading Bonus Program”. For purposes herein, the term “controlled” (including the relation of “controlled by” and “under regulations”) as it applies to any conditions.
Participants in “Trading Bonus Program” means ownership whether directly or indirectly by one
or more middleman who has the authority to lead the management policy of a person or legal
entity.

4.6 Vice versa, those who associated with IUX MARKETS and/ or specific website and/ or social network website which IUX MARKETS may use promotion occasionally, and/ or the survey in terms of presenting “Trading Bonus Program” will not be allowed to participate.

About Terms and Conditions for 25% account opening bonus : 
1. General
1.1 25% deposit bonus is determined under this document.

1.2 25% deposit bonus will be under this document which is different from a $30 account
opening bonus. This document is used for a 25% deposit bonus.

1.3 In order to receive a 25% bonus, you need to be verified.

1.4 25% deposit bonus can only be received maximum $3,000 per 1 user

1.5 25% deposit bonus is non-withdrawable.

1.6 25% deposit bonus can be used in trading and withdrawing the profits under
“Conditions to Use the Promotions”

1.7 The company reserves the right to give the 25% deposit bonus as follows:

1.7.1 Those who did not verify with the company
1.7.2 Those who verified, but the confirmation is not complete as required by the company
1.7.3 Those who already received the bonus.
1.7.4 Those who use others’ information to open an account and verify.
1.7.5 Those who violated the terms and conditions of the company and clients who are likely to cause damage to the company as the company deems appropriate. Those who own Standard+.
2. Conditions to Use the Promotion
2.1 25% deposit bonus can be used in trading as usual.

2.2 25% deposit bonus can be used with a $30 account opening bonus and balance as usual.

2.3 25% deposit bonus can be withdrawn through profits. In the event that the balance is greater than credit, the bonus amount will be withdrawn in the amount equal to the amount withdrawn.

2.4 For 25% deposit bonus, when the balance is being withdrawn; in case the credit amount is greater than the balance, the bonus will be withdrawn in 1:1 ratio of the withdrawal amount is greater than the balance, the bonus will be withdrawn in 1:1 ratio of the withdrawal amount.

3. Risk Warning
3.1 Users should carefully consider when trading, even if the bonus funds can be used as benefits.

3.2 Users should be well-aware about the risks in the CFDs market. Though users have bonus funds benefits, users should trade with caution. The company will not be responsible for the carelessness of users.

4. Terms of Eligibility
4.1 This offer is available to the IUX MARKETS in accordance with its terms and other business policies without prejudice. Customers who meet the eligibility criteria for the offer (“Eligible Customers”) as set forth in the following section hereafter.

4.2 “Trading Bonus Program” may be offered by IUX MARKETS occasionally for clients who open a real trading account with IUX MARKETS. In case such clients are referred to IUX MARKETS via a specific website and/ or social network site in means of some specific promotion and/ or the surveys from IUX MARKETS website and/ or social network’s site

4.3 IUX MARKETS offers a “Trading bonus program” to clients and/or countries based on reasonable discretion/area as it deems appropriate and to the extent that IUX MARKETS deems it to be provided.

4.4 Reserved all rights for clients who can comply with a contract that is legally binding only under applicable law in the country in which resides in “Trading bonus program” unlimitedly. Participants in “Trading bonus program” must be above 18 years old or eligible age in countries clients are residing (Minor). If you are minor, you cannot participate in this program

4.5 It is restricted to participate as “middle person/ associated person” in the “Trading bonus program”. If you are registered in the “Trading bonus program” consisting with the registration without limitation, the IP addresses of other participants in the “Trading bonus program”, IUX MARKETS reserves the right to determine whether this match is valid immediately. For purposes herein, the term “middle person/ associated person” when used in these Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise required by the context, includes any person or entity with a relationship with participants in any “Trading Bonus Program”, including without limitation:

a.) family members such as brothers, sisters, spouses, ancestors, descendants and collateral offspring;
b.) person or legal entity participating in “Trading Bonus Program”, either directly or indirectly through one or more middle people, directly or indirectly. Middleman is controlled by or under regulation with participants in the “Trading Bonus Program”. For purposes herein, the term “controlled” (including the relation of “controlled by” and “under regulations”) as it applies to any conditions. Participants in “Trading Bonus Program” means ownership whether directly or indirectly by one or more middleman who has the authority to lead the management policy of a person or legal entity.
4.6 Vice versa, those who associated with IUX MARKETS and/ or specific website and/ or social network website which IUX MARKETS may use promotion occasionally, and/ or the survey in terms of presenting “Trading Bonus Program” will not be allowed to participate.

About General Business Terms :
1. General terms
These General Business Terms shall consist of two sections which describe procedures of non-trading operations on the trading account of the Client as well as trading operations, procedure for settling disputes and conducting communications.

2. General Provisions
2.1 Conditions of Providing Quotes The terms for providing quotations depend on the type of account that the Client is using.
(a)
For Interbank Accounts:

2.1.1 The Company recalculates quotations on all traded instruments in real time on the basis of market conditions and streaming prices/liquidity obtained from liquidity providers and periodically provides the Client with these quotations as Market Snapshots;

2.2.2 All quotations that the Client receives through the client terminal are indicative and represent the best available Bid price in the market and the best available Ask price in the market obtained from liquidity providers;

2.2.3 The Client acknowledges the following:

The Company is entitled to refuse to make available to the Client those quotations that have not changed since the previous Market Snapshot;
The Client may not receive through the client terminal all the quotations that have
occurred in the Quote stream in the period between Market Snapshots.
(b)
For Marketmaker Accounts:

Quotations published on the Company’s web site are indicative;
Quotes may differ from the price of the underlying asset. If the underlying market is closed, quotations provided by the Company reflect the assumed price of the underlying asset;
The Company establishes a Spread and/or Trading Commission for each instrument in the contract specifications. The spreads shown on the Company’s website are standard (average) Spreads1. The size of the standard Spread may increase/decrease depending on market volatility2. The Company shall be entitled to alter the amount of the Spread and/or Trading Commission without prior written notification to the Client;
(c)
In the case of unplanned interruption to the Quote stream from the server caused by hardware or software breakdown, the Company shall be entitled to synchronize the quotation base on the server serving trading Clients using other sources;

(d)
The following may serve as sources of this type:

Another trading or training server;
Any other quotation sources.
(e)
In case any dispute arises in relation to interruption to the Quote stream, all decisions will be taken in accordance with the synchronized quotation base.

2.2 Adjustments
(a)
Determination of any adjustment or amendment of the size, value and/or number of the transaction (and/or of the level and size of any order) shall be at the Company’s absolute discretion and shall be conclusive and binding upon the Client.

(b)
Pointed information is posted at Company web-site and Client terminal. Client terminal information is applicable If posted at Company web-site information contradicts to posted in Client terminal information.

(c)
Where applicable (e.g. where a security is based on shares in respect of which the issuer pays dividends) a dividend adjustment will be calculated in respect of open positions held on the ex dividend day for the relevant underlying security. Dividend adjustment will be credited to the Client’s trading account if the Client buys, i.e. opens a long position, and debited if the Client sells, i.e. opens a short position.

2.3 Identification
(a)
Verification of the Client’s identity is made in order to prevent any unauthorized access to the Client’s account and is held by verification of the fact that the operations are made exactly by the Client.

(b)
During registration of trading account the Client must provide the Company with correct and true information for identification in accordance with the Company’s requirements (hereinafter referred to as the “Identification data”). The Client shall inform the Company about changes in identification data within 7 working days.

(c)
Personal data which shall be verified embodies ID or passport details and registration address, email address, phone number etc.

(d)
Passport details and address are being verified by the provided documents. For address confirmation Utility bill, telephone bill, electricity bill can be provided. Email address is verified by sending email to it with verification code. Telephone number is verified by sending sms with code or by call of the Company’s employees.

(e)
The list of non-trading operations for which verification procedure is demanded:

Withdrawal requests;
Change of Access Data etc.
(f)
Means of the client verification (security types) are:

By e-mail;
By sms;
(g)
E-mail security type embodies sending by the Company to the Clients email, pointed out during the registration, a verification code which should be entered on the Company website for processing of non-trading operation which demanded verification.

(h)
SMS security type embodies sending by the Company to the Clients telephone, pointed out during the registration, a verification code which should be entered on the Company website for processing of non-trading operation which demanded verification.

(i)
The Client may choose the security type during the registration process.

( j)
The security type may be changed if the information provided by the Client during registration fully matches that contained in the documents provided by the Client at the Company’s request. If the Client changes the security type, withdrawal of funds can be made only after 3 working days from the moment of changing security type.

(k)
The Company shall reserve the right to suspend execution of non-trading operations if the Client’s identification data find incorrect or invalid as well as the Client does not send the requested documents.

(l)
In case the Client loses the main password and e-mail specified at registration, account will be closed after a complete check and the funds will be withdrawn proportionally to the account (s) they were deposited from.

(m)
In order to identify the Client, the Company has the right to request at any time after a trading account is registered:

For an individual: a document proving his or her identity;
For a legal entity: the company’s founding documents and documents substantiating the company’s status.
2.4 Doubtful Operations
(a)
The Company shall monitor execution of these General Business Terms and be obliged to investigate doubtful operations of the Client by stopping such operations for necessary time.

(b)
In case of investigation of doubtful operations of the Client, the Company shall be obliged to demand the documents which are necessary for investigation from the Client.

(c)
Signs of doubtful operations:

Execution of a great number of transfers in the absence of operations on the trading account;
Execution of operations devoid of apparent economic sense or other apparent purpose bearing the legal nature;
The client’s denial of delivery of personal information for identification purposes or impossibility to prove the client’s identity;
Repeated attempts to execute non-trading transactions for benefit of third parties;
Forgery of the documents given by the client, mismatch of documents, provided in different time periods and falsely represent oneself to be another person.
(d)
The provided signs of doubtfulness of non-trading operations shall not be complete. A transaction can be found doubtful by specialists of the Company as a result of complex analysis and concomitants.

(e)
The Company has the right to cancel questionable operations by the Client and/or charge commission(s) on the deposit/withdrawing operations of a Client and/or block all his trading accounts as well as trading accounts of Clients involved in the conducting of these operations. In this case the funds of the Client shall be withdrawn by any method convenient for the Company.

3. Trading Transactions
3.1 General Provisions
(a)
The client terminal provides the facility to operate Interbank Accounts (Raw), and open Market maker Accounts.

(b)
Buy orders (long positions) are made at the Ask price. Sell orders (Short positions) are made at the Bid price.

(c)
All open positions must be carried over to the following day from 21:59:00 to 22:00:00 according to time on the server.

(d)
The Spread is not a fixed value, its size is determined depending on the market situation. The average Spreads are shown in the contract specification on the Company’s website. Spread and/ or Trading Commission of instruments may vary between Account types and the clients must ensure that they understand the relevant information as set out in the contract specification on the Company’s website.

(e)
The following types of execution are used in carrying out trades: Instant Execution and Market Execution. The type of process used for each instrument is shown in the contract specification.

(f)
If necessary, the Company may change the type of execution for an instrument, giving 24 hours prior notice to the client.

(g)
The main mean of issue of the Client’s requests and instructions shall be the client terminal. The Client shall have the right to use the service of instruction transmissions through the operator by phone only in case of impossibility of use of the client terminal.

3.2 Client’s Requests And Orders
(a)
The Company is entitled to refuse a Client’s order or instruction relating to a Marketmaker Account if:

The Client’s instruction has not been given during the time that the quotation is valid, in the case of receipt of a quotation through the client terminal or by telephone;
The Client’s instruction has not been received by the Company, in case the telephone conversation or Internet connection is interrupted through circumstances independent of the Company;
The quotation provided is an obvious error;
The quotation is not a market quotation;
The size of the trade is less than the minimum size indicated in the contract specification;
Circumstances of force majeure indicated in paragraph 12 of Part A of the Client Agreement have arisen;
When the position is opened, the amount of free margin is less than the amount of initial margin required in relation to the particular position;
There is no possibility to confirm the price of the financial instrument. In this case, the Client can see the following errors: “Invalid prices”, “Off quotes”, etc.
If there is Company equipment maintenance;
The Client has been recognized as insolvent;
In relation to Hedged Positions, when there is a request for the Long or Short Position to be closed and the amount of Free Margin will be less than the amount of margin required to sustain the oppositely directed Open Position open. For the avoidance of doubt, when the Long or Short position of an instrument is of a bigger size than the oppositely directed position of the same instrument on the other side, this rule shall apply in respect of the transaction size that constitutes a Hedged Position.
(b)
The Company is entitled to refuse a Client’s request or instruction relating to Interbank Accounts in the cases indicated in paragraph 2.2 “a” of this General Business Terms, and also in those cases where the Company is unable to hedge the transaction with the assistance of a liquidity provider or when the liquidity provider declines to perform the transaction.

(c)
In cases of cancellation of a transaction previously carried out or a change in price by a liquidity provider, these changes shall take place in the Client’s trading account.

(d)
The Client is insolvent, if he:

The Client does not fulfill the duties specified in the Client Agreement and annexes to it;
The Client does not observe margin conditions and requirements;
Has been declared the bankrupt;
(e)
In the case of the Client’s insolvency Company (without the prior written notification) can:

Close all or any open positions at current market prices;
Write off from Client’s trading account the amount that the Client owes the Company;
Close any trading account of the Client.
(f)
Refusal of a Client’s request or instruction is accompanied by a corresponding message on the client terminal.

(g)
In exceptional cases, the company, despite the cases described in paragraph 2.2 “d” of this General Business Terms, can decide to execute Client’s order.

(h)
In cases when expert advisor sends great number of economically unreasonable orders (including and going beyond numerous tries of trading operation execution with lack of free margin) the Company has a right to disable electronic advisors work till the moment of Client error correction in electronic advisor software.

3.3 Open A Position
(a)
In order to give an instruction to open a position the Client shall specify the quoted instrument and volume of transaction.

(b)
Opening transaction volume is calculated using the following formulas:

If CFD on currency pair tool is used: Opening transaction volume = volume in MT lots *contract amount *margin currency to USD exchange rate;
If CFD on futures tool is used: Opening transaction volume = volume in MT lots *initial margin amount *margin currency to USD exchange rate.
(c)
Margin currency is:

For CFD tool, first currency in the pair;
For CFD on futures, currency of the instrument price.
(d)
Instrument quoted through Instant Execution technology:

To open a position via the client terminal the Client must click on the “Buy” or “Sell” button at the moment when the streaming prices are suitable to him;
If the current quoted price for the instrument has changed whilst processing of the Client’s instruction relating to Market maker Accounts has been in progress, the Company offers a new price or refuses execution. In this case the requote window will appear, or the “Invalid Price” error message. If the Client wishes to open a position at the newly offered price, he must reply “OK” within 3 seconds. In this case, the instruction is sent to the server again and passes through all the stages and checks afresh. If the Client does not make the decision to carry out the transaction at the new price within the 3 seconds, the request to perform the transaction is not accepted.
(e)
Instruments quoted through Market Execution technology:

– To open a position by means of the client terminal the Client must click on the “Buy by Market” or “Sell by Market” button. The Client’s instruction to open a position may be executed at a price which differs from the quoted price that the Client received in the client terminal during the last Market Snapshot in the following cases:

If the current quotation has changed since the time of the last Market Snapshot;
If the quotation from the last Market Snapshot applies to a smaller trade volume than the Client’s trade volume;
If the liquidity provider has executed the transaction at this price.
– In any event, the Client’s instruction is executed at the best available price from the Company’s liquidity providers;

– Once the server has received the Client’s instruction to open a position, it will be automatically opened if the Free Margin is sufficient to open the position based on the margin requirements in effect at the time a position is opened for a specific financial instrument;

– A new position is imputed to the list of open positions;

– New “Margin” for the cumulative Client’s position, including imputed new position, is calculated at the current market prices at the moment of verification;

– All Floating Profits/Losses for all open positions, including the imputed new position, are calculated at the current market prices;

– New “Free Margin” is calculated as follows:

If “Free Margin” is more or equal to zero and the total Client position including imputed new position does not exceed present limits specified for this type of account. Then the position is opened. The process of opening the position is followed by the relevant record in the Server Log-File;
If “Free Margin” is less than zero, then the Company has the right to decline the instruction to open the position;
If opening a tentatively added position with the current Spread value will result in a Margin Call or negative Equity value, the position will not be opened.
The Company has the right to prohibit the opening of new positions for a certain financial instrument for an indefinite period of time without the Client’s prior notice.
An instruction to open a position shall be deemed executed and the position shall be deemed open once the relevant record appears in the server.
3.4 Close A Position
(a)
In order to give an instruction to close a position, the Client shall specify the ticker and the volume of transaction.

(b)
Instruments quoted in the Instant Execution mode:

In order to close a position via the client terminal the Client shall press the “Close … “ button at the moment when the Client is satisfied with the Quote in the Quotes Flow;
(c)
Instruments quoted through Market Execution technology:

– To close a position by means of the client terminal the Client must click on the “Close…” button;

– The Client’s instruction to close a position may be executed at a price which differs from the quote price that the Client received in the client terminal during the last Market Snapshot in the following cases:

If the current quotation has changed since the time of the last Market Snapshot;
If the quotation from the last Market Snapshot applies to a smaller trade volume than the Client’s trade volume;
If the liquidity provider has executed the transaction at this price.
(d)
In all cases, the Client’s instruction will be executed at the best available price from the Company’s liquidity providers.

(e)
The position is deemed closed once the relevant record appears in the server.

3.5 Stop Out
(a)
The company has the right to forcibly close the Client’s positions if the Stop Out level of margin is reached or there is negative Equity.

(b)
If the Client has several Open Positions, the first position which has to be placed in the queue in order to be compulsorily closed is the one with the highest Floating Loss.

(c)
If a Stop Out execution has resulted in the negative equity of the Client’s trading account it will be compensated so as to bring Equity to $0.

3.6 Orders
(a)
Order types in the trading platform. In order to open a position the following orders may be used:

“Buy Limit” – an order to open a Long Position at the price lower than the price at the moment of placing the Order;
“Buy Stop” – an order to open a Long Position atnthe price higher than the price at the moment of placing the Order;
“Buy Stop Limit” is a type of order that combines the first two types. It is a Stop order to place a “Buy Limit” order. As soon as the future “Ask” price reaches the value specified in the order, a “Buy Limit” order will be issued at the level specified in the order. Moreover, the current price is less than the price that, when reached, will cause a pending order to be placed;
“Sell Limit” – an order to open a Short Position at the price higher than the price at the moment of placing the Order;
“Sell Stop” – an order to open a Short Position at the price lower than the price at the moment of placing the Order;
“Sell Stop Limit” is a Stop order to place a “Sell Limit” order. As soon as the future “Bid” price reaches the value specified in this order, a “Sell Limit” order will be issued at the level specified in the order. Moreover, the current price is greater than the price that, when reached, will cause a pending order to be placed, but the price of the pending order will be greater than the trigger price. In order to close a position the following orders may be used:
“Stop Loss” – an order to close a previously opened position at the price less profitable for the Client than the price at the moment of placing the Order;
“Take Profit” – an order to close a previously opened position at the price more profitable for the Client than the price at the moment of placing the Order.
(b)
Placement and time of orders.

The Client may place, modify or delete orders only within trading hours for the relevant Instrument. The trading hours for each Instrument are indicated in the Contract Specifications;
Pending orders on the Instruments, which are traded 24 hours a day, have “GTC” “Good Till Cancelled” status. The expiry date and time can be set by the Client in the “Expiry” field;
Pending orders on the instruments, which are not traded 24 hours a day, have “Day Order” status and will be deleted at the end of a trading session;
Stop Loss and Take Profit for all Instruments have “GTC” status “Good Till Cancelled”;
In order to give an Instruction to place a pending order, the Client shall specify the following required parameters: instrument, transaction size, order type and order level. In addition the Client may indicate the following optional parameters: level of “Stop Loss”, level of “Take profit”, date and time when the pending order expires;
The Instruction will be declined if any of the required parameters is not specified or is incorrect, any of the optional parameters is incorrect;
If the Client gives an instruction to place “Stop Loss” or “Take Profit”, the following information must be specified: ticker of the open position, level of the “Stop Loss” and level of the “Take Profit”.
(c)
While giving an instruction to place “Stop Loss” and/or “Take Profit” orders on opened position or pending order, the difference in pips between the “Stop Loss”, “Take Profit” or the pending order level and the current market price must not be less then the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter indicated for each Instrument in the Contract Specifications, and the following conditions must be met:

For the “Stop Loss” order on the Short Position the current market price is the Ask price and the order must not be placed lower than the Ask price plus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter indicated for this Instrument;
For the “Take Profit” order on the Short Position the current market price is the Ask price and the order must not be placed higher than the Ask price minus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument;
For the “Stop Loss” order on the Long Position the current market price is the Bid price and the order must not be placed higher than the Bid price minus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument;
For the “Take Profit” order on the Long Position the current market price is the Bid price and the order must not be placed lower than the Bid price plus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument;
For the “Buy Limit” order the current market price is the Ask price and the order must not be placed higher than the Ask price minus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument;
For the “Buy Stop” order the current market price is the Ask price and the order must not be placed lower than the Ask price plus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument;
For the “Sell Limit” order the current market price is the Bid price and the order must not be placed lower than the Bid price plus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument;
For the “Sell Stop” order the current market price is the Bid price and the order must not be placed higher than the Bid price minus the “Limit & Stop Levels” parameter set for this Instrument.
(d)
An order is deemed placed once the relevant record appears in the server.

(e)
An instruction to place an order will be declined by the Company if it precedes the first Quote on the Market Opening.

(f)
If the Client gives an Instruction to modify pending order parameters, the Client shall specify the following: ticker, pending order level, level of “Stop Loss”, level of “Take Profit”. If any of the indicated information is incorrect and the orders are placed/modified/deleted via the client terminal without using an Advisor, the instruction will be declined and the “Modify …” button will remain inactive.

(g)
If the Client gives an instruction to modify “Stop Loss” and “Take Profit” orders on the open position the Client shall specify ticker, level of “Stop Loss”, level of “Take Profit”. If any of the indicated information is incorrect and the orders are placed/modified/deleted via the client terminal without using an Advisor, the instruction will be declined and the “Modify … ” button will remain inactive.

(h)
When the Client gives an instruction to delete a pending order, the Client shall specify its ticker. An instruction to modify or delete an order is deemed executed and the order is deemed modified or deleted once the relevant record appears in the server.

(i)
The Company has the right to deny order modification in case set price of “Stop Loss” or “Take profit” implies current price automatic execution at the moment of the modification.

( j)
The Company is also entitled to refuse to open or modify pending orders if the order Stop Loss is nearer to the opening price than the distance of the average Spread.

(k)
The Company has a right to use market price when executes Take Profit, Stop Loss, Buy Limit, Sell Limit, Buy Stop and Sell Stop orders. Herewith Take Profit, Buy Limit, Sell Limit orders slippage in favor of a Client, Stop Loss, Buy Stop, Sell Stop orders slippage at a loss of a Client.

3.7 Execution Of Orders
(a)
The Order is placed in the queue in order to be executed in the following cases:

The “Take Profit” on open Long Position is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Bid price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or higher than the order level;
The “Stop Loss” on open Long Position is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Bid price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or lower than the order level;
The “Take Profit” on open Short Position is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Ask price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or lower than the order level;
The “Stop Loss” on open Short Position is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Ask price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or higher than the order level;
The “Buy Limit” is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Ask price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or lower than the order level;
The “Sell Limit” is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Bid price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or higher than the order level;
The “Buy Stop” is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Ask price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or higher than the order level;
The “Sell Stop” is placed in the queue in order to be executed if the Bid price in the Quotes Flow becomes equal or lower than the order level. The Company will endeavor to execute Limit Orders at the limit price requested by the Client. However the Company may not be able to execute any of the Limit Orders for reasons including without limitation (i) there is not enough volume in the underlying market, (ii) the order exceeds the Company’s risk management limits as set and amended by the Company from time to time based on market conditions and other relevant factors, (iii) the bid or ask (whichever relevant to your Limit Order) is not at the required level i.e. if the order is to sell then the bid level must reach your limit price, if the order is to buy, the ask price must reach the limit price.
(b)
Order activation for Market maker Accounts on the server takes 0.01~5 seconds.

When the order price falls into a price gap on market opening or in abnormal market conditions, the order will be executed by the first available price on the market at the moment that activation of the order ends;
The following rule operates for orders that fall in a gap on certain currency pairs as shown in the Contract Specifications section on the Company’s website:
if the order is executed in market conditions different from normal (for example: under conditions of low liquidity), or
if the price specified in the pending order falls into the gap and the difference (absolute value) in pips between the first market Quote (after the gap) and the price of the order is equal to or exceeds a certain number of pips (gap level) for a particular instrument.
Such an order, as mentioned in either i) or ii) above, will be executed at the first market Quote that follows the gap. In all remaining cases the order execution price will correspond to the price specified in the order.
Buy Stop, Sell Stop and Stop Loss Orders may be executed at a level worse than that specified by the Client; and Buy Limit, Sell Limit and Take Profit Orders may be executed at a level better than that specified by the Client.
(c)
The processing time for Clients’ requests and instructions in relation to Interbank Accounts is not regulated by the Company and depends only on the liquidity providers to whom the Client’s requests and instructions are redirected.

In conditions where there is insufficient liquidity, or when the liquidity provider refuses to execute the order at the specified volume using Market Execution, it becomes impossible to execute market orders to open positions fully and partial execution of the order occurs, that is, opening of the position only up to the available market volume or volume offered by the liquidity provider, and for the remainder of the volume a cancelled order is created;
In conditions of insufficient liquidity, or when the liquidity provider refuses to execute the order at the specified volume using Market Execution, it becomes impossible to execute market orders to close positions fully and partial execution of the order occurs, that is, reduction of the open position only by the available market volume or volume offered by the liquidity provider and the creation of a closed position for this volume;
In conditions of insufficient liquidity, or when the liquidity provider refuses to execute the order at the specified volume using Market Execution, execution of orders in full volume for Buy Stop, Buy Limit, Sell Stop and Sell Limit Orders becomes impossible. In this case partial execution of orders is carried out by opening positions for the volume available from the liquidity provider, but for the remaining volume a new pending order of the same type is created;
In conditions of insufficient liquidity, or when the liquidity provider refuses to execute the order at the specified volume using Market Execution, execution of orders in full volume for Stop Loss and Take Profit Orders becomes impossible. In this case partial execution of orders is carried out by closing positions by the available market volume or volume available from the liquidity provider, but for the remaining volume a new open position is created.
3.8 Solutions To Disputable Situations
(a)
The Client has the right to lodge a complaint if any disputable situation arises. In such a case, please consult the Complaints Procedure for Clients as this can be found on the Company’s website, as amended from time to time.

(b)
The Server Data, Data Base and Server Log-File are the main information source in the case of any complaints. If the Server Data, Data Base and Server Log-File have not recorded the relevant information the Client refers to, the argument based on this reference may not be considered.

(c)
Any references to the quotes of other companies are not qualified and will not be considered.

(d)
The complaints are not accepted:

Unexecuted requests which are given by the Client during technical works on server;
In respect of deals made by the Client using temporary excess Free Margin on the trading account gained as a result of a profitable position cancelled by the Company afterwards and subject to annulment;
In respect of the difference in the prices for the Contract for Difference in the trading platform and for the underlying asset of the Contract for Difference;
(e)
The Company resolves all disputable cases by elimination of complaint reasons, including reopening erroneously closed positions.

(f)
Losses shall not be compensated to the Client in the case when occurred before the disputable case, stated in the complaint.


3.9 Procedures Of Resolutions Of Disputable Situations

(a)
Change and placement of pending order. Pending Orders are considered to be erroneously placed or modified in the following cases:

If transactions are made before market opening;
In case of wrong Quotes;
In case of failure in the trading platform.
In these cases a pending order or open positions due to execution of a pending order shall be deleted;
No complaints are accepted if the Client is not able to place a pending order or modify the levels of pending order or the Company does not execute the instruction of the Client to modify or place an order due to poor connection on the part of the Client or server, as well as the claims specified in clause “a”;
While the dispute remains opened, the Company has the right to trigger the pending order in the chronological order in which they would have been triggered if the Client’s instruction would have been executed at the time it was received by the Server;
The Client’s claims regarding impossibility of execution of transactions during resolution of the dispute are not accepted;
After the Company makes a decision on the dispute, the Client will be informed about it.
(b)
Open and close a position.

– When the Client could not open or close a position or the Company could not execute the Client’s instruction to open/close a position, the Client’s claims will not be considered in the following cases:

Poor connection on the part of the Client or the server;
Error in a Quote;
Transactions were made before market opening;
Failure in the trading platform or software of the server.
– If the Client’s account doesn’t have enough funds for a transaction execution or the limit on overall number of transactions (order placements, position opening) for this type of the account is exceeded, the Client’s claims about impossibility to open a position are not accepted;

– The Client’s position can be deleted if the instruction to open a position is received before market opening or has been executed at the price of the day before today or in case of erroneous Quote;

– In case of erroneous deletion of positions, the Company shall be entitled to make a decision on the further resolution of the issue on this position: either recovery of the position or payment of an indemnification to the Client;

– The Client’s claims regarding impossibility of execution of transactions during resolution of the dispute are not accepted.

3.10 Interpretation Of Terms
In these General Business Terms terms shall have the meaning given in the Client Agreement. In the absence of a definition in the Client Agreement, then the terms shall have the meaning below:

“Account History” shall mean all completed transactions and depositing/withdrawal operations on the Trading Account.

“Account type” shall mean account type conditions. The list of possible account types offered by the Company can be found on the Trading Conditions page on www.iuxmarkets.com. Account type is chosen during the registration of trading account and cannot be changed afterwards. Some Account types may only be available to a specific group of clients.

“Agent link” shall mean a special URL link by using which new clients are attracted. After completing of registration a customer becomes the Company’s Client and agents start receiving of commission by the named in the Partnership Agreement formula.

“Ask” shall mean the higher price in a Quote at which the price the Client may buy.

“Auto referral activity” shall mean when Introducing Broker gets commissions from trading operations carried on trading accounts by direct or circumstantial evidence controlled by the Introducing Broker.

“Bar /Candle” shall mean a Chart element, which shows opening and closing prices, as well as lowest and highest prices for the definite period of time (for example, minute, 5 minutes, a day, a week).

“Basic market” shall mean the market on which basic asset for CFD is traded.

“Bid” shall mean the lower price in a Quote at which the Client may sell.

“Buy Limit” has the value, specified in the General Business Terms in section orders.

“Buy stop” has the value, specified in the General Business Terms in section orders.

“Chart” shall mean the Quotes Flow in the form of a chart. For the period relevant for a Bar/ Candle:

Bar/Candle high is the highest Bid,
Bar/Candle low is the lowest Bid,
Bar/Candle close price is the last Bid,
Bar/Candle open price is the first Bid.
“Client Terminal Log-File” shall mean the file, which is created by the Client Terminal in order to record all the Client’s Requests and Instructions to the Dealer with accuracy to a second.

“Company’s account” shall mean bank and/or digital account of the Company as well as the Company’s account in processing center. “Controversial situation” shall mean:

1) a situation when the Client considers that the Company as a result of the actions or inactivity has broken one or several provisions of the Client’s agreement and it’s appendices.
2) a situation when the Company considers that the Client as a result of the actions or inactivity has broken one or several positions of the Client’s agreement and appendices to it;
3) a situation when a trading operation was made by the Client under non- market quotation, or to the first quotation at market opening, or under the quotation received by the Client in the issue of the Company’s appreciable error or failure in the software of a trading platform.
“Day Order” shall mean a Pending Order which is automatically deleted at the end of the trading session.

“Electronic payment system” shall mean a combination of procedures and connected with them computer networks and software, used to perform financial transactions and mutual settlements between the participants of the system. In the system transactions are conducted using bank cards, e-money and cash.

“Fast Market” shall mean rapid movements on the market for the short period of time often causing Price Gaps. Generally it may occur immediately before or after any important event such as:

A. releases of main macroeconomic indicators on global economies, which have great impact on the financial market;
B. central banks decisions on interest rates;
C. press conferences and speeches of the central banks heads, heads of state, financial ministers and other significant announcements;
D. interventions;
E. terror attacks;
F. natural disasters or other Acts of God which cause the announcement of the state of emergency (or other restrictive measures) on the affected territories;
G. war or any other military actions;
H. political force majeure: dismissal or appointment (including election results) of the government executives;
I. any other similar events which influence price movements. The above list is not exhaustive.
“Flat market” shall mean market condition when Quotes are received by a terminal rarely for an extended period then during normal market conditions. As a rule, such market conditions is typical for Christmas holidays, national holidays in the G7 countries, from 20:00 till 00:00 GMT +0 etc.

“Full Complete transaction” shall mean transaction which consists of two counter deals with the same size/volume (opening position and closing position): the purchase and subsequent sale or sale and subsequent purchase.

“GTC (Good Till Canceled)” shall mean an order, that has force till a Client will send an instruction to cancel the order.

“Hedged Positions” shall mean long and short positions of the same size and instrument, opened on the trading account.

“Instant Execution” shall mean an execution mechanism when a Client sees a real-time stream of quotations of the Company, thus a Client may proceed with desired transactions.

“Instruction to transfer funds to another trading account” shall mean notice transmitted through
the Personal area from the Company’s web-site with the purpose of charge-off of funds from the Client’s trading account to other trading account registered in the Company.

“Limit & Stop levels” shall mean minimum value in pips from the level of placed order to the current price (the level of pending order).

“Liquidity provider” shall mean a financial institute which has sufficient floating capital and works as a counterpart for company clients in the execution of financial instruments by the means of electronic communication network (ECN).

“Market conditions are different from normal” shall mean a thin market or fast market.

“Market execution” shall mean execution which carried out according to client’s orders, but the execution price is not guaranteed.

“Market Opening” shall mean the resumption of trade after the weekends, holidays or after a break between trading sessions.

“Maximum deviation” is a parameter set by the client on the client’s terminal that determines the maximum deviation (in pips) between the execution price and the requested price when opening and closing a position.

“Modification” shall mean Client’s request for order level change. The order is considered to be modified after the relevant note appears in server data base.

“Non market Quote” / “Spike” shall mean a Quote that satisfies one of the following conditions:

it involves a substantial price gap;
within a short period of time the price returns to its initial level with the formation of a price gap;
price behavior was not volatile before the appearance of said price;
the Quote differs from quotes from other major market participants by more than 10%;
the Quote appeared during non-trading hours for the underlying asset;
at the time of the Quote’s appearance there were no macroeconomic events and/or corporate news that were significantly affecting the instrument’s exchange rate. The Company may delete Quotes that are characteristic of a non-market quote from the Server’s Quote Base.
“Non-trading operations” include depositing / withdrawing funds from the client’s trading account, changing passwords, changing leverage, and filing a complaint.

“Normal Market Conditions / Normal market” shall mean the market where:

there are no considerable breaks in the Quotes Flow in the Trading Platform; and
there is no fast price movement; and
there is no Price Gap.
“Order’s ticket” shall mean unique identity number assigned in trading system to each of open positions or delayed order.

“Pending order” shall mean client’s instruction to open a position when the market price reaches the order level.

“Pip” shall mean a price movement equal to ten (10) points either up or down.

“Point” shall mean a unit of less significant rate/The smallest increment of change in a foreign currency price, either up or down.

“Price gap” shall mean the situation in trading when the price is different from the previous one by more than minimum price change.

“Quote” shall mean the information of the current price for a specific Underlying Asset, in the form of the Bid and Ask prices.

“Quoting” shall mean the process of providing the Client with the Quotes in order to make a transaction.

“Quotes Base” shall mean Quotes Flow information stored on the Server.

“Rate” shall mean: 1) CFD on currency pair: the value of the base currency in the terms of the quote currency; 2) CFD on futures: the value of one unit of the underlying asset in terms of money.

“Sell Limit” shall mean its meaning is determined in General Business Terms Orders Article.

“Sell Stop” shall mean its meaning is determined in General Business Terms Orders Article.

“Server Log-File” shall mean a file that contains information about all server-related events, including Clients’ requests and instructions.

“Spread” shall mean the difference between Ask and Bid.

“Stop Loss” shall mean a close of position at a price less profitable for the Client than the price that exists when the order is placed.

“Stop out” shall mean server generated compulsory position closure order (without agreement and preliminary notification of the Client in case of lack of funds for opened position maintenance).

“Take profit” is an order to close a position at a price more profitable for the Client than the price that exists when the order is placed.

“Trading Commission” shall mean the fee charged for providing the service.

“Trading operations” include operations to buy/sell financial instruments, placing, modifying, and deleting pending orders.

“Trading Platform Time Zone” shall mean the time zone in which the Server Log-File records any event. At the time of the release of this document the Trading Platform Time Zone is GMT +0.

“Trailing Stop” shall mean a feature of the client terminal that makes it possible to generate instructions to change a position’s Stop-Loss level based on specified parameters without the Client’s involvement.

“Volume of trade /Trading volume” shall mean the product of the number of lots on the lot size.

“Limit Order” shall mean a Client’s request to buy or sell a financial asset when the market price reaches the price specified in the order. The price indicated in Limit Order is always better than the current market price.

“Stop Order” shall mean a Client’s request to buy or sell a financial asset when the market price reaches the price specified in the order. The price specified in the Stop Order is always worse than the current market price.

“Underlying Market” shall mean the relevant market where the Underlying Asset of a CFD is traded.

About AML Policy :
IUX MARKETS is committed to the highest standards of the Anti-Money Laundering (AML) compliance and Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF). To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person opening an account.

Money laundering – the process of converting funds, received from illegal activities (such as fraud, corruption, terrorism, etc.), into other funds or investments that look legitimate to hide or distort the real source of funds.

The process of money laundering can be divided into three sequential stages:

Placement. At this stage, funds are converted into financial instruments, such as checks, bank accounts, and money transfers, or can be used for purchasing high-value goods that can be resold. They can also be physically deposited into banks and non-bank institutions (e.g.,currency exchangers). To avoid suspicion by the company, the launderer may as well make several deposits instead of depositing the whole sum at once, this form of placement is called smurfing.
Layering. Funds are transferred or moved to other accounts and other financial instruments. It is performed to disguise the origin and disrupt the indication of the entity that made the multiple financial transactions. Moving funds around and changing in their form makes it complicated to trace the money being laundered.
Integration. Funds get back into circulation as legitimate to purchase goods and services.
IUX MARKETS adheres to the principles of Anti-Money Laundering and actively prevents any actions that aim or facilitate the process of legalizing of illegally gained funds. AML policy means preventing the use of the company’s services by criminals, with the aim of money laundering, terrorist financing or other criminal activity.

To prevent money laundering, IUX MARKETS neither accepts nor pays cash under any circumstances. The company reserves the right to suspend any client’s operation, which can be regarded as illegal or, may be related to money laundering in the opinion of the staff.

Company Procedures
IUX MARKETS will make sure that it is dealing with a real person or legal entity. IUX MARKETS also performs all the required measures in accordance with applicable law and regulations, issued by monetary authorities. The AML policy is being fulfilled within IUX MARKETS by means of the following:

know your customer policy and due diligence
monitoring of client activity
record keeping
Know Your Customer and Due Diligence
Because of the company’s commitment to the AML and KYC policies, each client of the company has to finish a verification procedure. Before IUX MARKETS starts any cooperation with the client, the company ensures that satisfactory evidence is produced or such other measures that will produce satisfactory evidence of the identity of any customer or counter party are taken. The company as well applies heightened scrutiny to clients, who are residents of other countries, identified by credible sources as countries, having inadequate AML standards or that may represent a high risk for crime and corruption and to beneficial owners who reside in and whose funds are sourced from named countries.

Individual clients
During the process of registration, each client provides personal information, specifically: full name; date of birth; country of origin; and complete residential address. The following documents are required in order to verify the personal information: A client sends the following documents (in case the documents are written in non-Latin characters: to avoid any delays in the verification process, it is necessary to provide a notarized translation of the document in English) because of the requirements of KYC and to confirm the indicated information:

Current valid passport (showing the first page of the local or international passport, where the photo and the signature are clearly visible); or
Driving license which bears a photograph; or
National identity card (showing both front and back pages);
Documents proving current permanent address (such as utility bills, bank statements, etc.) containing the client’s full name and place of residence. These documents should not be older than 3 months from the date of filing.
Corporate clients
In case the applicant company is listed on a recognized or approved stock exchange or when there is independent evidence to show that the applicant is a wholly owned subsidiary or a subsidiary under the control of such a company, no further steps to verify identity will normally be required. In case the company is unquoted and none of the principal directors or shareholders already has an account with IUX MARKETS, the following documentations must be provided:

Certificate of Incorporation or any national equivalent;
Memorandum and Articles of Association and statutory statement or any national equivalent;
Certificate of good standing our other proof of registered address of the company;
Resolution of the board of directors to open an account and confer authority on those who will operate it;
Copies of powers of attorney or other authorities given by the directors in relation to the company;
Proof of identity of directors in case he/she will deal with IUX MARKETS on behalf of the Customer (according to the Individual identity verification rules described above);
Proof of identity of the beneficial owner(s) and/or the person(s) on whose instructions the signatories on the account are empowered to act (according to the Individual identity verification rules described above).
Monitoring of client activity
In addition to gathering information from the clients, IUX MARKETS continues to monitor the activity of every client to identify and prevent any suspicious transactions. A suspicious transaction is known as a transaction that is inconsistent with the client’s legitimate business or the usual client’s transaction history known from client activity monitoring. IUX MARKETS has implemented the system of monitoring the named transactions (both automatic and, if needed, manual) to prevent using the company’s services by criminals.

Record keeping
Records must be kept of all transaction data and data obtained for the purpose of identification, as well as of all documents related to money laundering topics (e.g. files on suspicious activity reports, documentation of AML account monitoring, etc.). Those records are kept for a minimum of 7 years after the account is closed.

Deposit and withdrawal requirements
All deposits and withdrawals on trading accounts held with IUX MARKETS the following strict requirements:

Due to AML / CTF laws, IUX MARKETS cannot receive or deposit funds to third parties.
Funds sent to IUX Market must be from a bank account, Credit/Debit card or Alternative Payment Method (Skrill, China Union Pay, Neteller, Fasapay or others) under the same name as the trading account name with IUX MARKETS.
All funds withdrawn from a trading account must go to a bank account, Credit/Debit card or Alternative Payment Method (Skrill, China Union Pay, Neteller, Fasapay or others) under the same name as the trading account name with IUX MARKETS.
All withdrawal requests are processed on First-in-First-Out (FIFO) basis according to the funding source of origination. For example, a deposit is made via Debit/Credit Card; then a subsequent withdrawal request is received. The amount of funds sent back to the relevant Debit/Credit Card, when a withdrawal request is received, may not exceed the original amount deposited. Any profits made in excess of the deposited amount will be transferred to a nominated bank account; which must be held in the same name as your trading account.
Examples:

You deposited $100 via Credit Card and earned a profit of $1,000. Requesting a withdrawal of $1,000, you will get $100 to your Credit Card and the rest $900 to your bank account.
You deposited $100 via Skrill and $50 via Credit Card. Requesting a Skrill withdrawal of $120, you will get $100 to Skrill and $20 to the card.
All initial withdrawal requests must be verified for safety and security by provision of a bank statement; which includes account holder information and bank details. IUX MARKETS will not accept deposits or withdrawals made under a different name to the registered IUX MARKETS.
If a trading account was credited in a way that cannot be used for funds withdrawal, the funds may be withdrawn to a bank account under the same name as the trading account name with IUX MARKETS as long as the client provides satisfactory evidence of the ownership of bank account where the funds originated from as well as the destination bank account.
Measures taken
In cases of an attempt to execute transactions which IUX MARKETS suspects are related to money laundering or other criminal activity, it will proceed in accordance with the applicable law and report suspicious activity to the regulating authority. IUX MARKETS reserves the right to suspend any client’s operation, which can be regarded as illegal or may be related to money laundering in the opinion of the staff. IUX MARKETS has complete discretion to temporarily block the suspicious client account or terminate an existing client relationship.

About Term of Promotion : 
1. New clients promotion, deposit promotion, or any promotions that will occur in the future cannot be withdrawn (non-withdrawable).

2. We have full authority to cancel all promotions without prior notice when clients violated the terms of use of the service as follows:

intentionally use other clients’ accounts to receive the promotion.
any actions which we consider fraudulent acts.
3. The company has all rights to cancel, change or amend all promotions without prior notice to clients.

About Risk Warnings : 
Before entering the foreign exchange or stock market, you should be fully aware that risk is the natural event in trading and investing, and must take into account risks and other factors affecting financial volatility. Not only do you increase your capital, but it may cause you to lose all your capital.

Therefore, the clients of IUX MARKETS need to understand the possibility of all risks. Clients need to acknowledge the terms and conditions of products. Including corporate activities that will affect the change in ownership assets. clients must understand that there are risks and factors affecting prices, exchange rates and investment products. The risks mentioned above also include decrease in liquidity, price change, high volatility and out-of-control situations. Before opening a real account, make sure to completely understand all Terms of Use for details as well as the basic principles and rules of the financial markets.

IUX MARKETS will not take responsibility for government regulations, rules of foreign exchange or stock market, military movement, suspension of trading and other events beyond our control.

About Anti-Money Laundering Policy : 
IUX Markets has the authority to prevent any actions of money laundering.

IUX Markets has improved the Anti-Money Laundering Policy to ensure our employees are properly compliant with money laundering laws and regulations, while providing foreign exchange services to customers.

IUX Markets is governed by the Anti-Terrorism Financing and Reduction of International Money Laundering Laws. We have designed the Anti-Money Laundering Policy to meet legal requirements and reduce the possibility of participating in money laundering via transactions in CFDs. Therefore, IUX Markets requires to collect the following documents; Proof of identification such as passport or driver’slicense. Proof of residency such as utility or phone bill.

About Preventing Money Laundering : 
1. Definition of money laundering
the process of converting funds, received from illegal activities (such as fraud, corruption, terrorism, etc.), into other funds or investments that look legitimate to hide or distort the real source of funds.

Modern society encounters a major challenge in anti-money laundering, which is defined as making the possession, use, or disposal of money or other property obtained from criminal activities appear legal, and terrorism financing, which is providing or gathering money or rendering financial services with the knowledge that the money is intended to finance the organization, preparation for, or execution of terrorist acts or to support them.

Illegal earners take many steps to legalize. They may use stolen personal data. Fraud victims who are not participating in these parties’ unlawful behavior may face this predicament.

2. Laws against money laundering
IUX MARKETS is committed to the highest standards of Anti-Money Laundering (AML) compliance and Counter-Terrorism Financing (CTF). To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each person opening an account. 

3. Client identity verification procedure
IUX MARKETS will make sure that it is dealing with a real person or legal entity. IUX MARKETS also performs all the required measures in accordance with applicable law and regulations, issued by monetary authorities.

The AML policy is being fulfilled within IUX MARKETS by means of the following:

know your customer policy and due diligence
monitoring of client activity
record keeping
Therefore, IUX Market requires you to collect the following documents; Proof of identification such as passport or driver’s license, Proof of residency.

The company verifies all clients due to its AML and KYC requirements. Before working with a client, IUX MARKETS requires adequate proof of identity or other procedures. The company also scrutinizes clients and beneficial owners from countries identified by credible sources as having inadequate AML standards or a high risk for crime and corruption.

4. Compliance with the Privacy Agreement
The personal data we receive is treated in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Agreement. Please keep in mind that the purpose of the identification procedure is to comply with laws against money laundering and financing terrorism, not because we suspect you of conducting unlawful acts. As a result, your cooperation and awareness of these measures is required to effectively combat money laundering and terrorism financing.

5. Measures taken
In cases of an attempt to execute transactions which IUX MARKETS suspects are related to money laundering or other criminal activity, it will proceed in accordance with the applicable law and report suspicious activity to the regulating authority. IUX MARKETS reserves the right to suspend any client’s operation, which can be regarded as illegal or may be related to money laundering in the opinion of the staff. IUX MARKETS has complete discretion to temporarily block the suspicious client account or terminate an existing client relationship.

About IUX Markets Partner Policy : 
IUX Markets Partner Agreement 
The following are the complete terms and conditions to apply as a member of IUX Markets Partner Program. Please read this agreement completely and carefully before enrolling in the IUX Markets Partner Program. You must agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement without modifications, which include those terms and conditions expressly set out below and those incorporated herein by reference, before you may become a Partner of the Company.

Parties To The Agreement 
IUX Markets Limited is subject to supervision by the Securities Commission, registered with the Financial Services Authority in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines under registered number  26183 BC 2021. at Beachmont Business Centre, 321, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines. The physical address of the company is at Office 2, 26 Pittalou Street, P.C.3117, Limassol, Cyprus.

IUX Markets is operated by IUX Markets Limited, a regulated and licensed broker of international CFDs trading securities. IUX Markets Limited is authorized by the MWALI International Services Authority (Comoros) with license number  T2023172 as an international brokerage and clearing house, registered in P.B. 1257 Bonovo Road, Fomboni, Comoros, KM.

The “introducer” or “Affiliate” shall mean the individual or entity which applies for Partner Program membership in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein.

And furthermore, may both hereinafter be referred to separately as the “Party” and jointly as the “Parties”. The above expressions shall, where the context so permits, include receivers and managers and successors in title, and personal representatives in the case of legal persons. 

WHEREAS this Agreement sets out the terms upon which Clients may be referred to the Company by the Partner

And

WHEREAS the Partner has the necessary knowledge and experience to provide such intermediary services to the introduced Clients that improves the quality of service offered for the conclusion of financial contracts between the Company and potential Clients.

It Is Agreed: 

1. Definitions of terms
 
 Client
Means any person whom the Company has approved to open an account(s) subject to the Client Agreement, for the introduction of which the Partner actively mediated so as for the company to enter into a financial contract.

 Client Agreement
Means the Company’s Trading Terms and Conditions that the Client accepts that he/she opens an account with the Company and the relevant document is available on the company’s main website.

 ECB
Means the European Central Banks.

 E-wallet
Means the electronic wallet linked with the Partner account, which is automatically created by the Company upon registration of the Partner account. 

 Main Website
Means the Company’s domain name and/or any other domains that the Company operates mainly for promotional and marketing purposes. 

IUX Markets specifies domain responsibilities simply: www.iuxaffiliates.com only and is not responsible for damages arising from domains of others that are not under the domains specified herein.

IUX Markets is solely responsible for the accuracy and security of the information and services associated with the IUX Affiliates ( www.iuxaffiliates.com ) domain.
IUX Markets is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from use of or connection to domains other than IUX Affiliates ( www.iuxaffiliates.com ) .
If users or customers of IUX Affiliates use services or transact with domains that are not under the responsibility of IUX Markets, they should be aware of the risks and policies of that domain.
Partner’s Commissions
Means any commission, rebates, and/or other remuneration paid or payable to the Partner by the Company for intermediation services rendered by the Partner for the conclusion of Client Agreements between the Company and the Clients identified, targeted and referred to the Company by the Partner. The remuneration of the “Partner” or “Affiliate” will be based on a fixed fee or percentage, agreed between the Parties, per lot of Clients who enter into a Client agreement with the Company further to the intermediary services provided by the “Partner” or “Affiliate”. 

Partner’s Programs
Means the program which the Company makes available to certain individuals or entities, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, via the Company’s website, in order to engage the Partner to act as mediator between the Company and targeted clients for the conclusion of a Client Agreement with the Company. 

In which IUX Markets provides 2 partner programs: introducing Broker Program and Affiliate Program.

2. Electronic Signatures and Partners Acceptance of Agreement(s) 
2.1 The Partner hereby acknowledges and agrees that

(a) by completing and submitting the Partner Application Form to the Company and clicking on the “I Accept” button or similar buttons or links as may be designated by the Company on the Company’s Main Website(s) shows his/hers approval of this Agreement,
(b) by continuing to access or use the Company’s Main Website(s),
(c) by referring potential new Clients to the Company’s Main Website(s) for the purpose of analyzing and providing information with regards to the financial products offered by the Company and/or (d) by accepting any commissions and/or payments from the Company or any of its clients, are entering into a legally binding contract and fully agrees to abide by and to be bound by all the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement, as they may apply. 
2.2 The Partner hereby waives any rights or requirements under any laws or regulations in any jurisdiction which require an original (non-electronic) signature or delivery or retention of non- electronic records, to the extent permitted under applicable mandatory law.

3. Partner Representation and Warranties
3.1 The Partner has all requisite authority to enter into this Agreement and to be fully bound hereby, and all necessary action has been taken by him in connection herewith. The Partner acknowledges and confirms that he can enter into this Agreement and is approved and/or authorized and/or qualified under the local regulatory requirements to offer the services mentioned in this Agreement. 

3.2 The Partner acting as a mediator must provide true and complete information to the Company at all times; including but not limited to, identity, contact information, payment instructions, nationality, residency, participation in affiliate/partner/Partner programs for other websites, the location and nature of the Partner’s intermediation activities carried out for the purposes of introducing, explaining and/or promoting the financial services offered by the Company to prospective Clients, and any other information that the Company may request from time to time. 

3.3 The Partner has fulfilled all registration, qualification and/or other requirements of all jurisdictions and regulatory bodies to the extent that such registration, qualification and/or other requirements are applicable to him during the term of the Agreement and will remain in strict compliance with all of the foregoing. 

3.4 If the Partner is a company or other entity, the Partner is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction(s). 

3.5 The Partner will act as a mediator between the Company and his Clients for enhancing the quality of service offered to his Clients as well as introducing and/or explaining the services offered by the Company to his Clients. As a mediator, the Partner will do all that is necessary in order for the Company and his clients to enter into a contract including but not limited to carrying out the preparatory work necessary for the conclusion of an agreement between the Company and the client. Such preparatory work will include presentation of the details of the financial products offered by the Company to potential investors, comparison against the respective products of other providers in an effort to convince the potential investor to invest with the company.

3.6 The Partner will carry on his/her operations and business as an independent contractor and not as an agent or employee or representative of the Company. 

3.7 The Partner shall not provide any investment advice to the introduced Clients. 

3.8 The Partner is obliged to inform the introduced Clients of any commission received as well as any additional commissions involved with regards to the service provided under this Agreement. 

3.9 The Partner acknowledges and agrees that he/she is responsible for the payment of all relevant duties and/or charges and/or taxes arising from the course of his business. 

3.10 The Partner cannot use the Company’s Logo in any of the correspondence, on any business cards or on any electronic transmission, etc., unless explicitly authorized to do so by the Company. 

3.11 It is advised that he is not authorized to register a business or name a website or page that contains the words “IUX Markets” or “IUX Markets Limited” or in connection with IUX without permission. 

3.12 The Partner represents and warrants that he/she will not place promotional materials related to the Company on any website, or use any media or medium, which contains materials, including but not limited to,sites which conform to any of the following criteria:

(a) promote (including links to) sexually explicit materials, violence, or illegal activities,
(b) promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age,
(c) manipulate keyword searches on portals and/or search engines that conflict with the Company’s,
(d) misrepresent themselves as the Company Main Website(s) by co-opting the visual “look and feel” of or text from the Company’s Main Website(s) or otherwise violate the Company’s Intellectual Property rights, including, without limitation, “scraping” text or images from the Company’s Main Website(s) or the Company managed Banners and/or Text Links, search marketing or all other online and offline campaigns,
(e) include “IUX Markets ” or “IUX Markets Limited” or variations or misspellings thereof in the Partner’s domain names,
(f) do not clearly make available an online privacy policy to visitors of his/hers website,
(g) are “under construction” or have broken URLs, or
(h) are otherwise considered offensive or inappropriate, in the Company’s sole discretion. 
3.13 The Partner shall not authorize or encourage any third party to:

(a) directly or indirectly generate use of the online services offered by the Company through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent or other invalid means, including but not limited to through repeated manual clicks, the use of robots or other automated tools and/or computer generated queries, and/or the unauthorized use of other search engine optimization services and/or software;
(b) edit, modify, filter, truncate or change the order of the information contained in any part of the Company’s Main Website(s), or remove, obscure or minimize any part of the Company’s Main Website(s) in any way without authorization from the Company;
(c) frame, minimize, remove or otherwise inhibit the full and complete display of any Web page accessed bya Client after clicking on any part of the Company Main Website(s);
(d) redirect any Client away from the Company’s Main Website(s);
(e) provide a version of any Web page of the Company’s Main Website(s) that is different from the page an end user would access by going directly to the Company’s Main Website(s); intersperse any content between the Company’s Main Website(s) and the applicable landing page on the Company’s Main Website(s); or otherwise provide anything other than a direct link from the Partner’s website(s) to a relevant landing page on the Company’s Main Website(s), as approved by the Company in accordance with this Agreement; onany Web page or any website(s) that contains any pornographic, hate-related, violent, or illegal content;
(f) directly or indirectly access, launch, and/or activate access to the online services offered by the Company through or from, or otherwise incorporate access to the online services offered by the Company or referrals in, any software application, website, or other means other than his/her website(s), and then only to the extent expressly permitted by this Agreement;
(g) “crawl”, “spider”, index or in any non-transitory manner store or cache information obtained from or pertaining to any Client who has been or is identified as solicited by and introduced and/or referred to the Company’s Main Website(s) via his/hers tracker(s), or any part, copy, or derivative thereto;
(h) act in any way that violates any various policies posted on the Company’s Main Website(s), as may be revised from time to time, or included in any other agreement between thePartner and the Company (including, without limitation in this Agreement;
(i) disseminate malware;
(j) create a new account to enroll in the Company’s Partner Program after the Company has terminated this Agreement with the Partner as a result of the Partners’ breach of this Agreement; or
(k) engage in any action or practice that reflects poorly on the Company or otherwise disparages or devalues the Company’s reputation or goodwill.
3.14 Except as expressly otherwise provided for in this Agreement, and then only if and to the extent provided herein, the Partner is prohibited from sending emails to promote the Company, the Company’s Main Website(s), the Company’s introducing Program and/or the online services offered by the Company. Furthermore, the Partner expressly acknowledges and agrees that the Company does not participate in, support or indulge mass unsolicited emailing (i.e., spamming, desktop scrapes) to promote the Company, the Company’s Main Website(s), the Company’s Partner Program and/or the online services offered by the Company, and the Partner expressly acknowledges and agrees that is expected to adhere to this policy as well. 

3.15 The Partner acknowledges and agrees that any attempted participation or violation of any of the foregoing is a material breach of this Agreement and that the Company may pursue, at the Company’s sole discretion, any and all applicable legal and equitable remedies against the Partner, including an immediate suspension of the Partners Account(s) with the Company and/or the immediate termination of this Agreement, without prior notice being required, and/or the pursuit of all available civil or criminal remedies.

3.16 The Partner further represents and warrants that his website(s) and any materials displayed therein:

(a) comply with all applicable laws and regulations, statutes, ordinances, and other applicable regulations;
(b) do not breach, and have not breached, any duty toward or rights of any person or entity including, without limitation, rights of intellectual property, publicity or privacy, or rights or duties under consumer protection, product liability, tort, or contract theories; and
(c) are not pornographic, hate-related or otherwise violent in content.
4. Partner Relationship and Activities
4.1 In the event that the Partner deviates from the standard interpretation of this Agreement, it will be considered that he has breached the Agreement unless he has obtained written confirmation from the Company. 

4.2 The Partner hereby undertakes to introduce prospective Clients with regards to the services offered by the Company as specified in the Client Agreement. For the introduction of clients, the Partner will endeavor and will carry out all necessary actions so as for the Company to enter into an agreement with the referred client. 

4.3 Any Partner interested in targeting a person who is a citizen or resident of a forbidden country and/or country with restriction must first receive the Company’s prior written approval. 

4.4 In the event that an Introduced Client is a citizen or resident of a forbidden country and/or country with restriction, the Partner accepts and agrees that he/she will not be entitled to receive any Commission by the Company for such clients. 

4.5 The Partner shall translate documents, where needed, for the Company as well as explain to his Clients the services offered by the Company. If applicable, the Partner shall also act as a translator between the Client and the Company.

4.6 Without prejudice to the obligations of the Partner under this agreement and especially the service of acting as a mediator between the company and the prospective client for the conclusion of a financial transaction, including the presentation and analysis of the financial products of the company, the Company is not responsible and has no liability for any advice or recommendation or decision provided by the Partner to the client. 

4.7  For the Partner to be eligible for any commissions with regards to the introduced Client, has to meet all requirements set in this Agreement, including further Appendices, as well as the Partner must ensure that he has mediated so as for the client and the Company to enter into an agreement with the prospective Client before the prospective Client opens an account with the Company without the Company utilizing the distinct act of mediation of the Partner or the prospective Client came directly from the Partner’s website and opened an account with the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations of Partner under this agreement and specifically the obligations in relation to carrying out all actions necessary in order for the Company To enter into an agreement with the client are not lifted in cases where the clients reach the Company through the website of the Partner. 

4.8 In the case the Partner maintains a website for promoting his business then, for the purposes of identifying and targeting suitable opportunities the following functionalities and information should be included: 

(a) A link should be available directing prospective Clients to the Company’s Main Website(s); 
(b) The Company’s information and/or logo and/or banners are provided to prospective clients.
(c) Promotional Material: any material provided by the Company to the Partners and Affiliates for promoting any activity related to the Company and/or for the purpose of this Agreement, including but not limited to The Company’s information and/or logo and/or banners and/or gift and/or video and/or landing page are provided to prospective clients etc.
(d) Description of the Company’s product(s) in order to provide specific information to prospective clients wishing to enter into a Client Agreement with the Company, in relation to the financial products of the Company. 
4.9 The Partner is required to obtain the Company’s approval prior to uploading any information or functionalities (as per paragraph 4.8) relating to the Company and its services. In the case where the Partner intends to change the Company’s information and/ or functionalities that were initially provided and approved by the Company, then the Partner needs to obtain a new approval by the Company before he proceeds with such changes. 

4.10 In the event of any disparity between the claim(s) made by the Partner and the Company with regards to the introduced Client, the Company shall have the sole discretion in accepting or rejecting the claim(s) of the Partner.

4.11 Any prospective Client, who is introduced by the Partner and opens an account with the Company, will also be considered the Company’s Client, and will be subject to all of the Company’s Rules, policies and operating procedures that govern their activity at the Company’s Main Website(s) and needs to follow the same procedure as any other person who opens an account with the Company. 

4.12 The Company may at its sole discretion accept or decline any Client introduced by the Partner and has the right to terminate the business relationship with any Client, at any time. All data relating to the Clients that open an Account with the Company will remain the Company’s Sole and exclusive property and by entering into this Agreement the Partner acquires no right to such information, except as expressly stated herein. 

4.13 Without prejudice to the obligations of the Partner under clause 3.5 of the present agreement, whereby the Partner undertakes to act as a mediator between the Company and the prospective client for the conclusion of an agreement and for presenting, to prospective clients, the financial products of the Company the Partner shall not direct or influence any Client with regards to his trading or funding facilities unless the Client has given written consent to the Partner to do so and in the form acceptable by the Company. 

4.14 The Client is required to fund his/her account held with the Company directly from his/her personal bank account unless otherwise agreed and the relevant documentation is presented and approved by the Company. The Company has the right to return funds only to the same remitter as the funds were deposited, using the same payment method. 

4.15 The Company will not be liable or responsible for any marketing or promotions that may be initiated by the Partner for the needs of his own business purposes and for the provision of the mediation services under this agreement and for any costs or charges for such activity. The costs will be met solely by the Partner.

4.16 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and in accordance with the terms and conditions hereof, the Partner may refer potential Clients To the Company’s Main Website(s) in order to facilitate explanations with regards to the financial products offered by the Company and agrees that all mediation activities carried out for the purpose of identifying, targeting and referring prospective Clients to the Company must be professional, proper and lawful under applicable rules or laws.

5. Company’s Undertakings
5.1 The Company warrants making any payments due to the Partner in respect of the Partner’s Commissions for its financial services as agreed in this Agreement. 

5.2 The Partner shall be entitled to the Partner’s Commission structure as agreed and stated in Appendix 1 and 2, attached, and may not be subject to any changes unless agreed by both parties. 

5.3 The Company is responsible for the calculation and due payment of the Partner’s Commissions. 

5.4 The Company’s Trading Terms and Conditions are set out in the Company’s website.

5.5 In the event of any dispute, or complaint from a Client, the Company has the right to hold back any commissions due to the Partner until such issues are resolved. 

5.6 In the event that the Company will identify any abuse on the trading activity of any clients introduced by the Partner, such as open and close trades instantly for the purpose of generating commissions, the Company reserves the right to place time limitations on the Partner’s profile.

6. Reports & Payments
6.1 The Company will track and report the trading activity of Clients who have been approved by the Company to open an account as a result of the active mediation of the Partner, for the purpose of remuneration calculated based on the Partner’s Commission(s) definition. 

6.2 In the event of any trading activity by clients introduced by the Partner that is deemed suspicious by the Company, then the Company may delay payment of Commission(s) until it verifies the relevant transactions. In the event that the Company determines the activity to constitute fraud traffic, the Company is entitled to terminate this Agreement and/or to recalculate or withhold the Partner’s Commission(s) accordingly and in the Company’s’ sole discretion.

6.3 All payments will be due and payable in United States Dollars only. Payment will be credited to thePartner’s account, which has been registered when signing up to the Partner Program. At the Company’s sole discretion, and as deemed appropriate, the Company may accommodate other methods of payment or currency. Any charges incurred for other methods of payment will be covered by the Partner and deducted from the Partner’s Commission(s). 

6.4 In cases of transfers between accounts with different base currencies, the specified amount will be automatically converted according to current ECB ratios and an additional fee of 0.3% will be applied. 

6.5 Deposit of payment, acceptance of payment transfer or acceptance of other payment by the Partner will be deemed full and final settlement of the Partner’s Commissions due for the month indicated. Hence, if there is disagreement with the reports or amount payable, the Partner must NOT accept payment for such amount and immediately send a written notice of dispute. Dispute notices must be in writing and be received within thirty (30) calendar days of the end of each month for which payment is made, or the right to dispute such report or payment will be deemed waived and the Partner shall be deemed to have waived any and all rights in relation to such report or such payment and further to have waived any claims of restitution and/or unjust enrichment.

6.6 In the event that this Agreement is terminated for any reason, other than for cause, the Company shall pay the Partner any earned balance of Partner’s Commission(s) that is due and payable to the Partner at the time of termination of this Agreement, within sixty (60) days after the end of the calendar month in which the Agreement is terminated by the Partner (following the Company’s receipt of the Partner’s written notice, including by email, to terminate the Agreement) or by the Company. The Partner is solely responsible for providing and maintaining accurate address and other contact information as well as payment information associated with his/her Account. 

6.7 The payments made under this Agreement are for use by the Partner only and may not be transferred or in any manner passed on to any third party, unless expressly authorized beforehand in writing by the Company (including by electronic mail). 

6.8 From time to time the Company may be holding funds, payments and other amounts due to the Partner in connection with this Agreement. The Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Company may, without further notice, forfeit all funds, payments and other amounts related to this Agreement and that are due to the Partner (if any), but which the Company is unable to pay or deliver to the Partner because the Partner account(s) is Inactive (as defined below) and terminate the business relationship with the Partner by disabling the Account and giving written notice to the Partner. “Inactive” shall mean that, based on the Company records:

(a) for a period of two (2) years or more the Partner has not logged into the Partner account(s) or has not requested to be paid his/her commissions generated; and/or
(b) the Company has been unable to reach, or has not received adequate payment instructions from the Partner, after contacting at the address shown in the Company’s Records. 
6.9 In the case where the Partner is inactive for ninety (90) consecutive days (e.g., no new clients have been registered to the Company through the Partner, etc.), the Company reserves the right not to pay any Commission(s) to the Partner (i.e., set any Commission payment down to 0). 

7. Dormant and Archiving Policy 
7.1 In the event that there is no activity (i.e., no commissions generated) in the E-wallet linked with the Partner account for a set period of at least three (3) consecutive months, the Company will regard the E-wallet to be ‘dormant’. An E-wallet shall be deemed as dormant by the last day of the three (3) consecutive months in which there has been no activity (i.e., from the last day where commissions were generated) in the E-wallet. 

7.2 Dormant E-wallets will be charged with a monthly dormant fee of USD 5 (five United States Dollars) or the full amount of the generated commissions if the available commissions are less than USD 5(five United States Dollars). There will be no charge if there are no generated commissions available in the E-wallet (i.e., zero balance).

7.3 E-wallets with less than USD 5 (five United States Dollars) balance will be archived after a period of three (3) consecutive months of inactivity (i.e., no commissions generated and no withdrawals performed). 

8. Confidentiality and Personal Data Protection
8.1 The Partner shall keep all information confidential and shall not disclose to any third party any of the terms of this Agreement or any information incidental or related thereto the business of the Company (other than such terms or information which comes into the public domain), unless it is required under any applicable law or by any regulatory or governmental body or obtained by the Company’s written consent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the termination of this Agreement, this clause shall continue to have effect and be binding to the Partner without any time limit.

8.2 The Partner acknowledges the importance the Company places on protecting the privacy of its Clients and hereby expressly acknowledges, agrees and undertakes not to try to access or to access any “Personal Data” acquired from or about prospective, new Clients or from existing Clients, initiated without the express prior and written consent of, or expressed instructions in writing from, the Company. 

8.3 The Partner hereby expressly acknowledges, agrees and undertakes and that it shall comply at all times with all applicable laws and regulations pertaining to “Personal Data” protection, in particular the Personal Data Protection Legislation. 

8.4 In particular, in the event that “Personal Data” are collected by the Partner, he/she shall provide the relevant data subjects with the information required by all applicable laws and regulations pertaining to “Personal Data” protection, in particular the Personal Data Protection Legislation and, when necessary, shall obtain the prior written consent of all “Data Subjects” concerned.

9. Notices and Communication
9.1 Unless otherwise specified, the Partner has to send any notice, instruction, request or other communication via post or electronic mail. 

9.2 Information may be provided by the Company to the Partner in paper format or by email to the Partner’s email address provided during his registration. 

9.3 All notices/information provided by the Company or received from the Partner Should be in the English language. 

10. Amendment and Termination 
10.1 This Agreement may be amended from time to time. Any changes to the Agreement will not apply to Partner’s Commissions earned in relation to transactions performed prior to the date on which the changes become effective unless specifically agreed otherwise. The Company shall notify the Partner of any changes in the Agreement at least five (5) business days prior to the amendments coming into force. Should the Partner disagree with the changes, he may terminate the Agreement in accordance with paragraph 10.2 below. 

10.2 Either party (Company or Partner) can terminate the Agreement by giving five (5) business days written notice to the other party. 

10.3 The Company shall reserve the right to terminate or suspend without notice, this Agreement or any rights of the Partner that may fall under the provisions of this Agreement and/or its Appendices hereto attached or related, due to any malpractice, breach, failure or other significant event, including liquidation or insolvency, on the part of the Partner. Such termination will be at the sole discretion of the Company. 

10.4 Upon termination of the Agreement, the Partner is obliged to return to the Company any Company materials used to promote his business (e.g. newsletters, banners, text, etc.). In the case where the Partner maintains a website and is using any Company materials, he is obliged to immediately withdraw such materials upon termination of the said Agreement. 

10.5 Upon termination of this Agreement, the Company warrants to pay the Partner all Partner’s Commissions as set out in this Agreement. 

10.6 Furthermore, the Company may terminate this Agreement forthwith for cause, upon written notice to the Partner, if:

(a) it becomes unlawful for the Company and/or the Partner to perform or comply with any one or more of the Partner’s obligations under this Agreement; or
(b) the Partner ceases, in Company’s reasonable opinion, to be fit and proper to introduce/provide the Services to Company, if the Partner no longer holds the necessary authorization, license or consent to perform the obligations under this Agreement or if he/she is prevented for any reason from carrying out the activities and/or obligations hereunder; and
(c) in the event of any change in applicable law or government regulations. 
11. Force Majeure 
11.1 The Company shall not be in breach of this Agreement and shall not be liable or have responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage incurred by the Partner as a result of any total or partial failure, interruption or delay in the performance of this Agreement occasioned by any act of God, fire, war, civil commotion, labor dispute, act of government, state, governmental or supranational body or authority, or any investment exchange and/or clearing house, inability to communicate with market makers for whatever reason, failure of any computer dealing system, any other breakdown or failure of transmission in communication facilities of whatever nature, between the Company and the Partner or any other third-party whatsoever, or any other reason (whether or not similar in kind to any of the above) beyond the Company’s reasonable control (a “Force Majeure Event”).

11.2 The Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Company may in its reasonable opinion, determine that a Force Majeure Event exists or is about to occur; as the case may be, the Company will inform the Partner as soon as reasonably practicable if it so determines.

11.3 If the Company determines that a Force Majeure Event exists or is about to occur then it may (without prejudice to any other rights under this Agreement and at its sole discretion) take such action as it deems necessary or appropriate in the circumstances, having regard to the Partners and his/her customers, and neither Company, nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents & advisers will be liable for any failure, hindrance or delay in performing its obligations under this Agreement or for taking or omitting to take any action pursuant to this subparagraph. 

12. Regulatory Matters
12.1 The Company or any director, officer, employee, or representative of the Company shall not be held accountable for such part. The Company has the right to take any action it deems necessary, in its sole discretion, to ensure compliance with the rules of or other applicable laws and regulations.

12.2 The Partner hereby expressly acknowledges and agrees that upon reasonable written notice by Company and at its request, he/she will cooperate with the CYSEC and any other relevant regulator of the Company in relation to the matters covered by this Agreement. 

13. Governing Language 
This Agreement as well as any additional agreement hereto (both present and future) are made in English. Any other language translations are provided as a convenience only. In the case of any inconsistency or discrepancy between the original English texts and their translation into any other language, the original versions in English shall prevail.

14. Applicable Laws and Place of Jurisdiction 
This Agreement and all transactional relations between the Partner and the Company are governed by the Laws of Belize and the competent courts for the settlement of any dispute which may arise between them shall be the courts of Belize.

14.1 All claims are to be sent via email address on: Partner@iuxmakets.com 

15.  Partner rewards (MT5)
Introducing Broker’s Program 

For Standard, Standard+ accounts
Level	- Standard	- Advance	- Pro	- VIP	- Platinum	- Premier
1	    - 25%	    - 33%	    - 35%	- 37%	- 40%	    - 45%
2	    - 5%	    - 5%	    - 5%	- 5%	- 5%	    - 5%

For Raw, Pro accounts
Level	- Standard	- Advance	- Pro	- VIP	- Platinum	- Premier
1	    - 20%	    - 20%	    - 20%	- 20%	- 25%	    - 25%
2	    - 5%	    - 5%	    - 5%	- 5%	- 5%	    - 5%

Standard, Standard + and Pro Accounts
These three types of accounts will calculate the commission by Spread. 

The formula is: Percentage x Lot Size x Spread x Bonus Rate

Example: Suppose you are a platinum level. When your customers use a Standard account for buy-sell for 1 lot of EURUSD currency. That which has a spread of 10 points will be used by the client to determine their commission.

40% x 1.00 ( Lot) x 10 (spread) x 1 (bonus rate) = 4 USD 

In addition: The maximum commission payout is determined using the 35 point maximum spread. 

Example: Suppose you at Premier level and your clients use Standard account for trading in the energy commodity USOIL involves 1 lot with a 46 point. The system will calculate the spread at the limit to 35 points. The calculation for the formula is as follows. 

45% x 1.00 ( Lot) x 35 (spread) x 1 (bonus rate) = 15.75 USD 

Raw Account
Raw Account will calculate the commission by fixed rate commission per lot. 

The formula is: Percentage x Lot size x Fixed rate commission

Forex	     - Metals & Energies	- Crypto	         - Index
$7 per lot   - $7 per lot           - ADAUSD : $2/Lot    - AUS200 : $1/Lot
                                    - ATMUSD : $1/Lot    - DE30 : $4/Lot
                                    - AVAUSD : $3/Lot    - FR40 : $2/Lot
                                    - BATUSD : $6/Lot    - HK50 : $1/Lot
                                    - BCHUSD : $1/Lot    - S&P500 : $0.5/Lot
                                    - BNBUSD : $4/Lot    - STOXX50 : $1/Lot
                                    - BTCUSD : $7/Lot    - UK100  : $2/Lot
                                    - DOTUSD : $3/Lot    - US30 : $2/Lot
                                    - ETHUSD : $1/Lot    - USTEC : $1.25/Lot
                                    - LTCUSD  : $0.5/Lot - DXY : $7/Lot
                                    - SOLUSD : $2/Lot
                                    - TRXUSD : $1/Lot
                                    - UNIUSD  : $1/Lot
                                    - XMRUSD : $3/Lot
                                    - XTZUSD : $3/Lot

Example : Suppose you are at Platinum level and your clients use a Raw Account for trading in the energy commodity USOIL involves 1 lot with a fixed rate commission at $7. The calculation for the formula is as follows.

Percentage x Lot size x Fixed rate commission

25% x 1.00 (Lot) x 7 (Fixed rate commission) x 1 (bonus rate) = 1.75 USD

NOTE

– Standard, Standard+ and Pro accounts have a different formula with Raw Account.

– Percentage of Level 1 will calculate from your referred client’s (sub IB)  trading while level 2 will calculate from your client of your sub IB (in case that your sub IB becomes an introducer).

– Pip value= Pip size x Contract size x Volume 

– Spread = Spread at open price

– Bonus rate = Balance/Margin

P.S. If the calculation is more than 1, the bonus ratio is 1. If the calculation is less than 1, the bonus ratio will be equal to that value.

Affiliate Program

-Models	    |   CPA	                                                                 |                CPL	                                                                                 |      Revenue Share
-Rewards	|   $20	                                                                 |                $0.6	                                                                                 |  Up to $1000
-Conditions | - complete all verification requirements,                              |                                                                                                       |   
            | – The clients make their first time deposit*                           |                                                                                                       |   
            | – Investor trade minimum 2.5 lots STD Fx, Metals and Commodity.        |                                                                                                       |       
            | – The client should be a new person.	                                 |               – The New client complete all verification requirements,                                |   
            |                                                                        |                – The client should be a new person who has never opened an account with  IUX Markets. |	   – The affiliate can earn 1% commissions on the first time deposit* of their new referred clients. 

Product Groups
Forex	 - Metals & Energy	 - Crypto	 - Index	- Stock
AUDCHF   - UKOIL             - ADAUSD    - AUS200   - AAPL                                 
AUDJPY   - USOIL             - BATUSD    - DE30     - BMY
AUDUSD   - XAGEUR            - BCHUSD    - DXY      - ADBE
CADCHF   - XAGUSD            - BNBUSD    - FR40     - CHTR
CADJPY   - XAUAUD            - BTCUSD    - HK50     - AMD
EURGBP   - XAUEUR            - DOTUSD    - S&P500   - CMCSA
EURJPY   - XAUGBP            - ETHUSD    - STOXX50  - AMGN
EURUSD   - XAUUSD            - LTCUSD    - UK100    - CS 
GBPJPY                       - SOLUSD    - US30     - AMT
GBPUSD                       - UNIUSD    - USTEC    - MDLZ
NZDCAD                       - XTZUSD               - AMZN
NZDCHF                       - XTZUSD               - MO
NZDJPY                       - AVAUSD               - ATVI
NZDUSD                       - ATMUSD               - PG
USDCAD                                              - AVGO
USDCHF                                              - PM
USDJPY                                              - BA 
AUDCAD                                              - REGN
AUDNZD                                              - BABA
CHFJPY                                              - T 
EURAUD                                              - BAC
EURCAD                                              - TMO
EURCHF                                              - BIIB
EURNZD                                              - V
GBPAUD                                              - CME
GBPCAD                                              - COST
GBPCHF                                              - CSCO
GBPNZD                                              - CVS
USDSGD                                              - CITI
AUDSGD                                              - EA
SGDIPY                                              - EBAY
CADSGD                                              - EQIX
CHFSGD                                              - FB
EURSGD                                              - GILD
GBPSGD                                              - GOOGL
NZDSGD                                              - HD
SGDJPY                                              - IBM

                                                    - INTC 
                                                    - INTU 
                                                    - JNJ 
                                                    - JPM 
                                                    - KO 
                                                    - LMT 
                                                    - MA 
                                                    - MCD 
                                                    - MMM 
                                                    - MS 
                                                    - MSFT 
                                                    - NFLX 
                                                    - NKE 
                                                    - NVDA 
                                                    - ORCL 
                                                    - PEP 
                                                    - PFE 
                                                    - PYPL 
                                                    - SBUX 
                                                    - TMUS 
                                                    - TSLA 
                                                    - UNH 
                                                    - UPS 
                                                    - VRTX 
                                                    - VZ 
                                                    - Visa 
                                                    - WFC 
                                                    - WMT 
                                                    - XOM 
                                                    - Ford

Appendix 1
Introducing Broker’s Program Commission(s) Structure 
1. For each “Standard Lot” round turn transaction that is executed by a Client who has been or is identified as introduced and/or referred by the introducer to the Company: 

(a) for all CFD instruments on Currencies, Metals & Energy a commission equal to a maximum 50% of spread (a maximum of 19  USD) shall be paid to the introducer. The maximum 50% commission is classified as the maximum level of introducing Broker’s tier 45% from your active client’s spread and 5% from the client who is under your client, as known as Sub-Client. (Refer to the introducing Broker’s table in 15. Partner Rewards)
(b) for all other CFD instruments you may find the relevant information about the introducer’s Commission(s) on the affiliate platform under the “T&C” tab 
Notes: – for all currency pairs, one ‘Standard Lot’ shall be deemed to comprise 100,000 (one hundred thousand) units of base currency; – for spot metal instruments, one ‘Standard Lot’ shall be deemed to comprise 100 oz in regard of Gold and 5000 oz in regard of Silver; 

2. Introducer’s Commissions shall be calculated solely based on records maintained by the Company. No other measurements or statistics of any kind shall be accepted by the Company or have any effect under this Agreement. 

3. For the purposes of calculating the introducer’s Commissions in respect of the trades executed by Clients who have been or are identified as introduced by and/or referred to the Company: 

(a) introducer’s Commissions on trades where required margin have been supported by granted bonuses will be calculated proportionally to percentage of clients funds used in required margin. 
For example a Client deposits 100 USD and receives 100% bonus (100USD), opens 1 standard lot of EUR/USD with leverage 1:500, required margin is 200 USD, since 100 USD of client’s funds stands for 50% of required margin IBs will receive 50% of the commission  ( 50% x 10 $ = 5$ ).

 (b) Calculation of commission the holding duration for orders in trading utilizing the “Buy” and “Sell” functions is not predetermined. the adviser, which the user must close the order in order to collect the commission. 
(c) The closing of orders will be calculated for trades closed using the “Close by” and “Multiple close by ” routines. However, closing this approach results in a single spread payout rather than two spread payments, so the referrer will also receive a single commission.
(d) Using a scalping strategy with Expert advisers is allowed, provided it is not considered “churning” (“Churning”); accordingly, no Commissions will be paid in respect of trades employing the practice commonly known as “churning”; Churning is considered, but not limited to, the practice of executing trades through a client account for the sole purpose of generating Commissions
(e) No introducer’s Commissions will be paid in respect of trades carried out in a Client account in respect of which chargebacks and refunds have been effectuated; and
(f) No introducer’s Commissions will be paid in respect of Client trades, which the Company determines, at its sole discretion, to be the subject of “Fraud Traffic”; any and all fraud detection, prevention and remediation costs and all losses and damages incurred in relation to such a Client account may be deducted from the introducer’s Commissions otherwise payable to the introducer. 
4. No introducer’s Commissions will be earned on traffic generated by unlawful, fraudulent or improper means. In the event that there is violation of this provision, the introducer will forfeit all Commissions earned and the Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect without prior notice being required, and the pursuit of all available civil or criminal remedies.

5. The Company has the right to terminate this Agreement if the introducer introduces less than three (3) Clients within a ninety (90) day period from the date of concluding this Agreement. 

6. The Company has the right to exclude a Client from an introducer’s Account in the case where the Client has not funded his account within (15) days from the registration of the Client’s trading account. 

7. The Company will treat each introducer on an individual basis and the Commission Structure along with related clauses discussed with the introducer’s account manager can be amended based upon factors such as number of monthly newly introduced depositing clients, monthly deposit amounts and/or monthly trading volume. 

8. The Company reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate this Commission Structure, or any aspect of it, at its sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice and will notify you of any such changes by posting the modified Commission Structure on the Company’s Main Website. The Company recommends that you revisit this Agreement regularly. 

9. Commissions generated by the introducer’s own trading account(s) or the trading account(s) which appear to be managed/control by the introducer (i.e. self rebates) shall not be taken into consideration unless the introducer has other active clients during the same period of time with a trading volume equal to or greater than his own trading volume. For the avoidance of any doubt, in such cases, the Company reserves the right, as its reasonable discretion:

 (a) not to pay any commissions (i.e., self-rebates) to the introducer; and/or
 (b) to temporarily suspend the introducer’s Account; and/or 
 (c) to terminate the business relationship with the introducer. 
10. In the event of a Partner IB transfer, if our company identifies any instances of non-transparent activities related to the submission of the transfer request, we will launch a comprehensive investigation with the utmost diligence. Furthermore, the company retains the authority to temporarily suspend the utilization of your affiliate account until the investigation is completed, without prior notification, under the following circumstances:

(a) When it is ascertained that the account holder was not the one to personally submit the transfer request.
(b) In cases involving concealed conflicts of interest.
(c) Instances where there is a misrepresentation of business relationships.
11. The table(s) with the commission(s) that the introducer may earn based on the client’s trading activity (i.e.,for the trading of 1 standard lot of each CFD instrument) can be found in your introducing account. 

12. The withdrawal condition is that there must be  5 or more  Active Clients  and withdraw the minimum amount of $10.

13. The introducer is unable to use his own link to continue. 

14. The Raw account calculated the commission by fixed rate commission per lot. 

15. Receiving commissions will be calculated from the maximum spread of 35 only.

16. Regarding commission withdrawal operations It can Be given within 1-15 minutes or up to 24 hours in some cases. according to the conditions.

17. Conditions to reach to next level

Status      |	Commission Rate(%)            |	            Conditions
	        | Standard, Standard+ |	Pro, Raw  | 	Duration (day) |	Active client (user) |	Lot size (lot) |
Standard    |        25           |     20    |            30      |            80           |      300        | 
Advance     |        33           |     20    |            30      |           160           |      600        |
Pro         |        35           |     20    |            30      |           220           |     1000        |
VIP         |        37           |     20    |            30      |           300           |     2000        |
Platinum    |        40           |     25    |            30      |           400           |     3000        |
Premier     |        45           |     25    |            30      |       you will be remain on this rank     |

Once your partner status is changed, the company will reset the conditions to 0 which will change your level at GMT+0.
To upgrade to the next level you must meet all conditions we set following the table.  
Example : You are in the Advance level, you need to stay on for minimum 30 days , must have minimum 160 Active clients and minimum 600 lots. After reach all conditions you will be upgraded to next level “ Pro “ 

Once you are our client, automatically get IB Standard status. 
Appendix 2
Affiliate’s Program Commission(s) Structure 
1. Affiliate’s Program provides 4 models.
1.1 CPA

Cost Per Acquisition is an affiliate marketing model where Publishers (Affiliates) earn commissions on actions that are a direct result of  their marketing campaigns. At IUX Markets, the Affiliates who are registered under the CPA program will also be compensated when their referred new clients take action. Completion of the required qualifications. The Affiliates who are registered under the CPA program will earn $20. The conditions for client qualification acquired by the CPA model are as follows:

1. The New client complete all verification requirements, made within 48 hours. 

Identity verification
Email verification 
Bank verification
2. The clients make their first time deposit* The minimum is $20 which is calculated as the cumulative sum of deposits made within 48 hours. 

3. Investor trade minimum 2.5 lots STD Fx, Metals and Commodity. 

4. The client should be a new person who has never opened an account with  IUX Markets and qualification is fulfilled in accordance with our terms and conditions.

*In The CPA model, First Time Deposit means with no maximum allowed, deposits must be made within 48 hours by the total amount must not be less than $20.

1.2 CPL

Cost Per Lead Program  is an affiliate marketing model where Publishers (Affiliates) earn commissions from leads of potential clients who have shown interest in a product or service. And the client takes a specific action as a result of their marketing, registering new clients with IUX Markets. The conditions for client qualification acquired by the CPL model are as follows:

The New client complete all verification requirements,
Identity verification
Email verification 
Bank verification
The client should be a new person who has never opened an account with  IUX Markets and qualification is fulfilled in accordance with our terms and conditions.
The Affiliate can earn $0.6 per referred client.
1.3 Revenue Share 

Revenue Share is an affiliate marketing model where Publishers (Affiliates) can earn 1% commissions on the first time deposit* of their new referred clients. The conditions for client qualification acquired by the Revenue Share model are as follows:

1. The New client  complete all verification requirements,

Identity verification
Email verification 
Bank verification
2. The investors make their first time deposit.

*In the Revenue Share model, First Time Deposit means Only first time that new referred clients make a deposit.

**The Revenue Share is not available or used by people who live in the countries / jurisdictions, including but not limited to Australia, Belgium, France, Iran, North Korea, Thailand and the United States. IUX Markets Limited has the right to change the list of countries above. According to our own discretion, the Company reserves the right to change the list of countries without prior notification at any time.

3. Affiliate’s revenue shall be calculated solely based on records maintained by the Company. No other measurements or statistics of any kind shall be accepted by the Company or have any effect under this Agreement. 

4. For the purposes of calculating the Affiliate’s Commissions in respect of the trades executed by Clients who have been or are identified as introduced by and/or referred to the Company: 

(a) Affiliate’s Commissions on trades where required clients reach all conditions the company has set.
(b) No Affiliate’s Commissions will be paid in respect of trades carried out in a Client account in respect of which chargebacks and refunds have been effectuated; and
(c) No Affiliate’s Commissions will be paid in respect of Client trades, which the Company determines, at its sole discretion, to be the subject of “Fraud Traffic”; any and all fraud detection, prevention and remediation costs and all losses and damages incurred in relation to such a Client account may be deducted from the Affiliate’s Commissions otherwise payable to the Affiliate. 
5. No Affiliate’s Commissions will be earned on traffic generated by unlawful, fraudulent or improper means. In the event that there is violation of this provision, the introducer will forfeit all Commissions earned and the Company reserves the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect without prior notice being required, and the pursuit of all available civil or criminal remedies.

6. The Company has the right to terminate this Agreement if the introducer introduces less than three (3) Clients within a ninety (90) day period from the date of concluding this Agreement. 

7. The Company has the right to exclude a Client from an Affiliate’s Account in the case where the Client has not funded his account within (15) days from the registration of the Client’s trading account. 

8. The Company will treat each Affiliate on an individual basis and the Commission Structure along with related clauses discussed with the Partner’s account manager can be amended based upon factors such as number of monthly newly introduced depositing clients, monthly deposit amounts and/or monthly trading volume. 

9. The withdrawal condition depends on each Affiliate models’ condition. 

10. The Company reserves the right to alter, amend or terminate this Commission Structure, or any aspect of it, at its sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice and will notify you of any such changes by posting the modified Commission Structure on the Company’s Main Website. The Company recommends that you revisit this Agreement regularly.

11. Minimum withdrawal is $10.

* The Company reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this Agreement without prior notification at any time.

About Type Account :
The following is information regarding the accounts that can be opened.
In the past, the broker used to have Cent accounts, but now they don't. IUX MARKETS is no longer open for service, but there are still terms of use for former users.
1.The Standard Account offers the lowest spread. Our average EUR/USD spread is 0.2 PIPs with no commission IUX Markets Standard Account is created for day traders, short term traders and expert traders with deep liquidity and fast execution. IUX Markets MetaTrader5 platform is the preferred choice for traders all over the world.
Our MetaTrader5 servers are located in the Equinix LD4 Data Center in London, bring you closer to our bridge data center and help to eliminate unnecessary latency. MetaTrader5 is a great choice for day traders, short term traders and expert traders all over the world.
- Low Spread Pricing
-   Spread from 0.2 PIPs
-   Fast order execution
-   1:3000 Leverage
-  Deep liquidity
-  Meta Trader5

2.The Standard+ Account from IUX Markets offers speed of execution with no rivals. It included an inclusive spread starting from 0.5 PIPs, Equinix LD4 data center In London,a group of up to 25 pricing providers. You will understand why our standard+ account can give you an unparalleled trading experience, all day ever+B14y day.
- Bonus Deposit Up To 35%
-   Commission Free
-   Fast order execution
-   1:1000 Leverage
-   Deep liquidity
-    Meta Trader5

3.The Raw Account from IUX Markets offers speed of execution with no rivals. It included an inclusive spread starting from 0.0 PIPs, Equinix LD4 data center In London,a group of up to 25 pricing providers. You will understand why our Raw account can give you an unparalleled trading experience, all day every day.
-Trade over 90 instruments
-   Commission $7
-   Fast order execution
-   1:3000 Leverage
-   Spread as low as 0.0 PIPs
-    Meta Trader5

4.Pro account is a good fit for experienced and professional trader. The Pro account from IUX Markets come with raw spreads or even spread free starting from 0.0 pips. Also offers the speed of order executed with instant execution for a majority of the instruments. Our Pro accounts have execution to suit scalpers, day-traders and algotraders.
-Trade over 90 instruments
-   Commission $0
-   Fast order execution
-   1:3000 Leverage
-   Spread as low as 0.1 PIPs
-    Meta Trader5